{\rtf1{\info{\title Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban}{\author J.K. Rowling}{\category Harry Potter}}\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang3081\deflangfe3081{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qc\f0\fs36 Harry Potter and the  Prisoner of Azkaban\par
\fs24 by\par
\fs32 J. K. Rowling\par
Illustrations By Mary Grandpr\'e9\par
\fs24\par
Arthur A. Levine Books\par
An Imprint Of Scholastic Press.\par
\par
\lang1033\i To Jill Prewett and\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Aine Kiely,\par
the GodMothers of Swing\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\i0\fs22 Text copyright \'a9 1999 by J.K. Rowling\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Illustrations by Mary GrandPr\lang3081\'e9\lang1033  copyright \'a9 1999 Warner Bros.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 All rights reserved. Published by Scholastic Press, a division of Scholastic Inc.,\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Publishers since 1920.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i0 SCHOLASTIC, SCHOLASTIC PRESS, and the LANTERN LOGO\lang3081\par
\lang1033 are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Scholastic Inc.\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033 HARRY POTTER and all related characters and elements are trademarks of Warner Bros.\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033 No part of this publication may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without written permission of the publisher. For information regarding permission, write to Scholastic Inc., Attention: Permissions Department, 555 Broadway, New York, NY 10012.\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Rowling, J. K.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban / by J. K. Rowling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 p.    cm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sequel to: Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Summary: During his third year at Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry,\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry Potter must confront the devious and dangerous wizard responsible for his parents' deaths.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 ISBN 0-439-13635-0\lang3081\par
\lang1033 [1. Wizards\emdash Fiction.    2. Magic\emdash Fiction.    3. Schools\emdash Fiction.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 4. England\emdash Fiction.]     I. Title.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 PZ7.R79835Ham    1999\lang3081\par
\lang1033 [Fie]\emdash dc21     99-23982\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033 60 59 58 57 56 55 54 53 52 51\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Printed in the U.S.A.     12 \par
First American edition, October 1999\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Owl Post\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry Potter was a highly unusual boy in many ways. For one thing, he hated the summer holidays more than any other time of year. For another, he really wanted to do his home\-work but was forced to do it in secret, in the dead of night. And he also happened to be a wizard.\par
It was nearly midnight, and he was lying on his stomach in bed, the blankets drawn right over his head like a tent, a flashlight in one hand and a large leather-bound book \i (A History of Magic \i0 by Bathilda Bagshot) propped open against the pillow. Harry moved the tip of his eagle-feather quill down the page, frowning as he looked for something that would help him write his essay, \ldblquote Witch Burning in the Fourteenth Century Was Completely Pointless \emdash  discuss.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The quill paused at the top of a likely-looking paragraph. Harry pushed his round glasses up the bridge of his nose, moved his flash\-light closer to the book, and read:\par
\par
\i Non-magic people (more commonly known as Muggles) were particularly afraid of magic in me\-dieval times, but not very good at recognizing it. On the rare occasion that they did catch a real witch or wizard, burning had no effect whatsoever. The witch or wizard would perform a basic Flame Freezing Charm and then pretend to shriek with pain while enjoying a gentle, tickling sensation. Indeed, Wen\-delin the Weird enjoyed being burned so much that she allowed herself to be caught no less than forty-seven times in various disguises.\lang3081\i0\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry put his quill between his teeth and reached underneath his pillow for his ink bottle and a roll of parchment. Slowly and very carefully he unscrewed the ink bottle, dipped his quill into it, and began to write, pausing every now and then to listen, because if any of the Dursleys heard the scratching of his quill on their way to the bathroom, he\rquote d probably find himself locked in the cup\-board under the stairs for the rest of the summer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Dursley family of number four, Privet Drive, was the reason that Harry never enjoyed his summer holidays. Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and their son, Dudley, were Harry\rquote s only living rela\-tives. They were Muggles, and they had a very medieval attitude toward magic. Harry\rquote s dead parents, who had been a witch and wizard themselves, were never mentioned under the Dursleys\rquote  roof. For years, Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon had hoped that if they kept Harry as downtrodden as possible, they would be able to squash the magic out of him. To their fury, they had been unsuc\-cessful. These days they lived in terror of anyone finding out that\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry had spent most of the last two years at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. The most they could do, however, was to lock away Harry\rquote s spellbooks, wand, cauldron, and broomstick at the start of the summer break, and forbid him to talk to the neighbors.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This separation from his spellbooks had been a real problem for Harry, because his teachers at Hogwarts had given him a lot of hol\-iday work. One of the essays, a particularly nasty one about shrink\-ing potions, was for Harry\rquote s least favorite teacher, Professor Snape, who would be delighted to have an excuse to give Harry detention for a month. Harry had therefore seized his chance in the first week of the holidays. While Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley had gone out into the front garden to admire Uncle Vernon\rquote s new company car (in very loud voices, so that the rest of the street would notice it too), Harry had crept downstairs, picked the lock on the cupboard under the stairs, grabbed some of his books, and hidden them in his bedroom. As long as he didn\rquote t leave spots of ink on the sheets, the Dursleys need never know that he was studying magic by night.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was particularly keen to avoid trouble with his aunt and uncle at the moment, as they were already in an especially bad mood with him, all because he\rquote d received a telephone call from a fellow wizard one week into the school vacation.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron Weasley, who was one of Harry\rquote s best friends at Hogwarts, came from a whole family of wizards. This meant that he knew a lot of things Harry didn\rquote t, but had never used a telephone before. Most unluckily it had been Uncle Vernon who had answered the call.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Vernon Dursley speaking.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, who happened to be in the room at the time, froze as he heard Ron\rquote s voice answer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HELLO? HELLO? CAN YOU HEAR ME? I \emdash  WANT \emdash  TO \emdash  TALK \emdash  TO \emdash  HARRY \emdash  POTTER!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron was yelling so loudly that Uncle Vernon jumped and held the receiver a foot away from his ear, staring at it with an expression of mingled fury and alarm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote WHO IS THIS?\rdblquote  he roared in the direction of the mouthpiece. \ldblquote WHO ARE YOU?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote RON \emdash  WEASLEY!\rdblquote  Ron bellowed back, as though he and Uncle Vernon were speaking from opposite ends of a football field. \ldblquote I\rquote M \emdash  A \emdash  FRIEND \emdash  OF \emdash  HARRY\rquote S \emdash  FROM \emdash  SCHOOL \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Uncle Vernon\rquote s small eyes swiveled around to Harry, who was rooted to the spot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote THERE IS NO HARRY POTTER HERE!\rdblquote  he roared, now holding the receiver at arm\rquote s length, as though frightened it might explode. \ldblquote I DON\rquote T KNOW WHAT SCHOOL YOU\rquote RE TALK\-ING ABOUT! NEVER CONTACT ME AGAIN! DON\rquote T YOU COME NEAR MY FAMILY!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he threw the receiver back onto the telephone as if drop\-ping a poisonous spider.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The fight that had followed had been one of the worst ever.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HOW DARE YOU GIVE THIS NUMBER TO PEOPLE LIKE \emdash  PEOPLE LIKE \i YOU\i0 !\rdblquote  Uncle Vernon had roared, spray\-ing Harry with spit.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron obviously realized that he\rquote d gotten Harry into trouble, because he hadn\rquote t called again. Harry\rquote s other best friend from\lang3081  \lang1033 Hogwarts, Hermione Granger, hadn\rquote t been in touch either. Harry suspected that Ron had warned Hermione not to call, which was a pity, because Hermione, the cleverest witch in Harry\rquote s year, had Muggle parents, knew perfectly well how to use a telephone, and would probably have had enough sense not to say that she went to Hogwarts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 So Harry had had no word from any of his wizarding friends for five long weeks, and this summer was turning out to be almost as bad as the last one. There was just one very small improvement \emdash  after swearing that he wouldn\rquote t use her to send letters to any of his friends, Harry had been allowed to let his owl, Hedwig, out at night. Uncle Vernon had given in because of the racket Hedwig made if she was locked in her cage all the time.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry finished writing about Wendelin the Weird and paused to listen again. The silence in the dark house was broken only by the distant, grunting snores of his enormous cousin, Dudley. \i It must be very late, \i0 Harry thought. His eyes were itching with tiredness. Per\-haps he\rquote d finish this essay tomorrow night. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He replaced the top of the ink bottle; pulled an old pillowcase from under his bed; put the flashlight, \i A History of Magic, \i0 his essay, quill, and ink inside it; got out of bed; and hid the lot under a loose floorboard under his bed. Then he stood up, stretched, and checked the time on the luminous alarm clock on his bedside table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was one o\rquote clock in the morning. Harry\rquote s stomach gave a funny jolt. He had been thirteen years old, without realizing it, for a whole hour.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Yet another unusual thing about Harry was how little he looked forward to his birthdays. He had never received a birthday card in\lang3081  \lang1033 his life. The Dursleys had completely ignored his last two birthdays, and he had no reason to suppose they would remember this one.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry walked across the dark room, past Hedwig\rquote s large, empty cage, to the open window. He leaned on the sill, the cool night air pleasant on his face after a long time under the blankets. Hedwig had been absent for two nights now. Harry wasn\rquote t worried about her: she\rquote d been gone this long before. But he hoped she\rquote d be back soon \emdash  she was the only living creature in this house who didn\rquote t flinch at the sight of him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, though still rather small and skinny for his age, had grown a few inches over the last year. His jet-black hair, however, was just as it always had been \emdash  stubbornly untidy, whatever he did to it. The eyes behind his glasses were bright green, and on his forehead, clearly visible through his hair, was a thin scar, shaped like a bolt of lightning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Of all the unusual things about Harry, this scar was the most ex\-traordinary of all. It was not, as the Dursleys had pretended for ten years, a souvenir of the car crash that had killed Harry\rquote s parents, be\-cause Lily and James Potter had not died in a car crash. They had been murdered, murdered by the most feared Dark wizard for a hundred years, Lord Voldemort. Harry had escaped from the same attack with nothing more than a scar on his forehead, where Volde\-mort\rquote s curse, instead of killing him, had rebounded upon its origi\-nator. Barely alive, Voldemort had fled. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry had come face-to-face with him at Hogwarts. Re\-membering their last meeting as he stood at the dark window, Harry had to admit he was lucky even to have reached his thir\-teenth birthday.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He scanned the starry sky for a sign of Hedwig, perhaps soaring\lang3081  \lang1033 back to him with a dead mouse dangling from her beak, expecting praise. Gazing absently over the rooftops, it was a few seconds be\-fore Harry realized what he was seeing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Silhouetted against the golden moon, and growing larger every moment, was a large, strangely lopsided creature, and it was flap\-ping in Harry\rquote s direction. He stood quite still, watching it sink lower and lower. For a split second he hesitated, his hand on the window latch, wondering whether to slam it shut. But then the bizarre creature soared over one of the street lamps of Privet Drive, and Harry, realizing what it was, leapt aside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Through the window soared three owls, two of them holding up the third, which appeared to be unconscious. They landed with a soft \i flump\i0  on Harry\rquote s bed, and the middle owl, which was large and gray, keeled right over and lay motionless. There was a large pack\-age tied to its legs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry recognized the unconscious owl at once \emdash  his name was Errol, and he belonged to the Weasley family. Harry dashed to the bed, untied the cords around Errol\rquote s legs, took off the par\-cel, and then carried Errol to Hedwig\rquote s cage. Errol opened one bleary eye, gave a feeble hoot of thanks, and began to gulp some water.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned back to the remaining owls. One of them, the large snowy female, was his own Hedwig. She, too, was carrying a parcel and looked extremely pleased with herself. She gave Harry an affectionate nip with her beak as he removed her burden, then flew across the room to join Errol.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry didn\rquote t recognize the third owl, a handsome tawny one, but he knew at once where it had come from, because in addition to a third package, it was carrying a letter bearing the Hogwarts\lang3081  \lang1033 crest. When Harry relieved this owl of its burden, it ruffled its feathers importantly, stretched its wings, and took off through the window into the night.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sat down on his bed and grabbed Errol\rquote s package, ripped off the brown paper, and discovered a present wrapped in gold, and his first ever birthday card. Fingers trembling slightly, he opened the envelope. Two pieces of paper fell out \emdash  a letter and a news\-paper clipping.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The clipping had clearly come out of the wizarding newspaper, the \i Daily Prophet, \i0 because the people in the black-and-white pic\-ture were moving. Harry picked up the clipping, smoothed it out, and read:\par
\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\lang1033 MINISTRY OF MAGIC EMPLOYEE\par
SCOOPS GRAND PRIZE\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033 Arthur Weasley, Head of the Misuse of Muggle Ar\-tifacts Office at the Ministry of Magic, has won the annual \i Daily Prophet\i0  Grand Prize Galleon Draw.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A delighted Mr. Weasley told the \i Daily Prophet, \i0\ldblquote We will be spending the gold on a summer holi\-day in Egypt, where our eldest son, Bill, works as a curse breaker for Gringotts Wizarding Bank.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Weasley family will be spending a month in Egypt, returning for the start of the new school year at Hogwarts, which five of the Weasley chil\-dren currently attend.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
Harry scanned the moving photograph, and a grin spread across his face as he saw all nine of the Weasleys waving furiously at him,\lang3081  \lang1033 standing in front of a large pyramid. Plump little Mrs. Weasley; tall, balding Mr. Weasley; six sons; and one daughter, all (though the black-and-white picture didn\rquote t show it) with flaming-red hair. Right in the middle of the picture was Ron, tall and gangling, with his pet rat, Scabbers, on his shoulder and his arm around his little sister, Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry couldn\rquote t think of anyone who deserved to win a large pile of gold more than the Weasleys, who were very nice and extremely poor. He picked up Ron\rquote s letter and unfolded it.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i Dear Harry,\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Happy birthday!\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Look, I\rquote m really sorry about that telephone call. I hope the Muggles didn\rquote t give you a hard time. I asked Dad, and he reckons I shouldn\rquote t have shouted.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i It\rquote s amazing here in Egypt. Bill\rquote s taken us around all the tombs and you wouldn\rquote t believe the curses those old Egyptian wizards put on them. Mum wouldn\rquote t let Ginny come in the last one. There were all these mutant skeletons in there, of Muggles who\rquote d broken in and grown extra heads and stuff.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i I couldn\rquote t believe it when Dad won the \i0 Daily Prophet \i Draw. Seven hundred galleons! Most of it\rquote s gone on this trip, but they\rquote re going to buy me a new wand for next year.\lang3081\i0\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry remembered only too well the occasion when Ron\rquote s old wand had snapped. It had happened when the car the two of them had been flying to Hogwarts had crashed into a tree on the school grounds.\par
\par
\i We\rquote ll be back about a week before term starts and we\rquote ll be going up to London to get my wand and our new books. Any chance of meeting you there?\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Don\rquote t let the Muggles get you down!\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Try and come to London,\lang3081\i0\par
\i Ron\par
\i0\par
\lang1033\i PS. Percy\rquote s Head Boy. He got the letter last week.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\par
Harry glanced back at the photograph. Percy, who was in his sev\-enth and final year at Hogwarts, was looking particularly smug. He had pinned his Head Boy badge to the fez perched jauntily on top of his neat hair, his horn-rimmed glasses flashing in the Egyptian sun.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry now turned to his present and unwrapped it. Inside was what looked like a miniature glass spinning top. There was another note from Ron beneath it.\par
\par
\i Harry \i0\emdash  \i this is a Pocket Sneakoscope. If there\rquote s someone untrustworthy around, it\rquote s supposed to light up and spin. Bill says it\rquote s rubbish sold for wizard tourists and isn\rquote t reliable, because it kept lighting up at dinner last night. But he didn\rquote t realize Fred and George had put beetles in his soup.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Bye \i0\emdash\lang3081\par
\i Ron\par
\i0\par
\lang1033 Harry put the Pocket Sneakoscope on his bedside table, where it stood quite still, balanced on its point, reflecting the luminous hands of his clock. He looked at it happily for a few seconds, then picked up the parcel Hedwig had brought.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Inside this, too, there was a wrapped present, a card, and a letter, this time from Hermione.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i Dear Harry,\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Ron wrote to me and told me about his phone call to your Uncle Vernon. I do hope you\rquote re all right.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i I\rquote m on holiday in France at the moment and I didn\rquote t know how I was going to send this to you \i0\emdash  \i what if they\rquote d opened it at customs? \i0\emdash  \i but then Hedwig turned up! I think she wanted to make sure you got something for your birthday for a change. I bought your present by owl-order; there was an advertisement in the \i0 Daily Prophet \i (I\rquote ve been getting it delivered; it\rquote s so good to keep up with what\rquote s going on in the wizarding world). Did you see that picture of Ron and his family a week ago? I bet he\rquote s learning loads. I\rquote m really jealous \i0\emdash  \i the ancient Egyptian wizards were fas\-cinating.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i There\rquote s some interesting local history of witchcraft here, too. I\rquote ve rewritten my whole History of Magic essay to include some of the things I\rquote ve found out. I hope it\rquote s not too long \i0\emdash  \i it\rquote s two rolls of parchment more than Professor Binns asked for.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Ron says he\rquote s going to be in London in the last week of the holidays. Can you make it? Will your aunt and uncle let you come? I really hope you can. If not, I\rquote ll see you on the Hogwarts Express on September first!\par
Love from\par
Hermonie\par
PS. Ron says Percy\rquote s Head Boy. I\rquote ll bet Percy\rquote s really pleased.\par
Ron doesn\rquote t seem too happy about it.\lang3081\i0\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry laughed as he put Hermione\rquote s letter aside and picked up her present. It was very heavy. Knowing Hermione, he was sure it would be a large book full of very difficult spells \emdash  but it wasn\rquote t. His heart gave a huge bound as he ripped back the paper and saw a sleek black leather case, with silver words stamped across it, reading \i Broomstick Servicing Kit.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wow, Hermione!\rdblquote  Harry whispered, unzipping the case to look inside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a large jar of Fleetwood\rquote s High-Finish Handle Polish, a pair of gleaming silver Tail-Twig Clippers, a tiny brass compass to clip on your broom for long journeys, and a \i Handbook of\lang3081  \lang1033 Do-It-Yourself\lang3081  \lang1033 Broomcare.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 Apart from his friends, the thing that Harry missed most about Hogwarts was Quidditch, the most popular sport in the magical world \emdash  highly dangerous, very exciting, and played on broom\-sticks. Harry happened to be a very good Quidditch player; he had been the youngest person in a century to be picked for one of the Hogwarts House teams. One of Harry\rquote s most prized possessions was his Nimbus Two Thousand racing broom.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry put the leather case aside and picked up his last parcel. He recognized the untidy scrawl on the brown paper at once: this was from Hagrid, the Hogwarts gamekeeper. He tore off the top layer of paper and glimpsed something green and leathery, but be\-fore he could unwrap it properly, the parcel gave a strange quiver, and whatever was inside it snapped loudly \emdash  as though it had jaws.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry froze. He knew that Hagrid would never send him any\-thing dangerous on purpose, but then, Hagrid didn\rquote t have a normal person\rquote s view of what was dangerous. Hagrid had been known to befriend giant spiders, buy vicious, three-headed dogs from men in pubs, and sneak illegal dragon eggs into his cabin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry poked the parcel nervously. It snapped loudly again. Harry reached for the lamp on his bedside table, gripped it firmly in one hand, and raised it over his head, ready to strike. Then he seized the rest of the wrapping paper in his other hand and pulled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And out fell \emdash  a book. Harry just had time to register its hand\-some green cover, emblazoned with the golden title \i The Monster Book of Monsters, \i0 before it flipped onto its edge and scuttled side\-ways along the bed like some weird crab.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Uh-oh,\rdblquote  Harry muttered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The book toppled off the bed with a loud clunk and shuffled rapidly across the room. Harry followed it stealthily. The book was hiding in the dark space under his desk. Praying that the Dursleys were still fast asleep, Harry got down on his hands and knees and reached toward it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ouch!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The book snapped shut on his hand and then flapped past him, still scuttling on its covers. Harry scrambled around, threw himself forward, and managed to flatten it. Uncle Vernon gave a loud, sleepy grunt in the room next door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hedwig and Errol watched interestedly as Harry clamped the struggling book tightly in his arms, hurried to his chest of drawers, and pulled out a belt, which he buckled tightly around it. The \i Monster Book \i0 shuddered angrily, but could no longer flap and snap, so Harry threw it down on the bed and reached for Hagrid\rquote s card.\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Dear\lang3081  Harry,\par
\lang1033 Happy birthday!\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Think you might find this\lang3081  useful for next \lang1033  year.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Won\rquote t say no more here. Tell you when I see you.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hope the Muggles are treating you right.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 All the best,\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i0\par
It struck Harry as ominous that Hagrid thought a biting book would come in useful, but he put Hagrid\rquote s card up next to Ron\rquote s and Hermione\rquote s, grinning more broadly than ever. Now there was only the letter from Hogwarts left.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Noticing that it was rather thicker than usual, Harry slit open the envelope, pulled out the first page of parchment within, and read:\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i Dear Mr. Potter,\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Please note that the new school year will begin on Septem\-ber the first. The Hogwarts Express will leave from King\rquote s Cross station, platform nine and three-quarters, at eleven o\rquote clock.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Third years are permitted to visit the village of Hogsmeade on certain weekends. Please give the enclosed permission form to your parent or guardian to sign.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i A list of books for next year is enclosed.\par
Yours sincerely,\par
Professor M. McGonagall\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Deputy Headmistress\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\par
Harry pulled out the Hogsmeade permission form and looked at it, no longer grinning. It would be wonderful to visit Hogsmeade on weekends; he knew it was an entirely wizarding village, and he had never set foot there. But how on earth was he going to per\-suade Uncle Vernon or Aunt Petunia to sign the form?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked over at the alarm clock. It was now two o\rquote clock in the morning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Deciding that he\rquote d worry about the Hogsmeade form when he woke up, Harry got back into bed and reached up to cross off an\-other day on the chart he\rquote d made for himself, counting down the days left until his return to Hogwarts. Then he took off his glasses and lay down, eyes open, facing his three birthday cards.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Extremely unusual though he was, at that moment Harry Potter felt just like everyone else \emdash  glad, for the first time in his life, that it was his birthday.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 2\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Aunt Marge\rquote s Big Mistake\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry went down to breakfast the next morning to find the three Dursleys already sitting around the kitchen table. They were watching a brand-new television, a welcome-home-for-the-summer present for Dudley, who had been complaining loudly about the long walk between the fridge and the television in the liv\-ing room. Dudley had spent most of the summer in the kitchen, his piggy little eyes fixed on the screen and his five chins wobbling as he ate continually.\par
Harry sat down between Dudley and Uncle Vernon, a large, beefy man with very little neck and a lot of mustache. Far from wishing Harry a happy birthday, none of the Dursleys made any sign that they had noticed Harry enter the room, but Harry was far too used to this to care. He helped himself to a piece of toast and then looked up at the reporter on the television, who was halfway through a report on an escaped convict:\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 The public is warned that Black is armed and extremely\lang3081  \lang1033 dangerous. A special hot line has been set up, and any sighting of Black should be reported immediately.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No need to tell us \i he\rquote s\i0  no good,\rdblquote  snorted Uncle Vernon, staring over the top of his newspaper at the prisoner. \ldblquote Look at the state of him, the filthy layabout! Look at his hair!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He shot a nasty look sideways at Harry, whose untidy hair had always been a source of great annoyance to Uncle Vernon. Com\-pared to the man on the television, however, whose gaunt face was surrounded by a matted, elbow-length tangle, Harry felt very well groomed indeed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The reporter had reappeared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries will announce to\-day \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hang on!\rdblquote  barked Uncle Vernon, staring furiously at the re\-porter. \ldblquote You didn\rquote t tell us where that maniac\rquote s escaped from! What use is that? Lunatic could be coming up the street right now!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Aunt Petunia, who was bony and horse-faced, whipped around and peered intently out of the kitchen window. Harry knew Aunt Petunia would simply love to be the one to call the hot line num\-ber. She was the nosiest woman in the world and spent most of her life spying on the boring, law-abiding neighbors.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When will they \i learn,\i0\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon, pounding the table with his large purple fist, \ldblquote that hanging\rquote s the only way to deal with these people?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very true,\rdblquote  said Aunt Petunia, who was still squinting into next door\rquote s runner beans.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Uncle Vernon drained his teacup, glanced at his watch, and added, \ldblquote I\rquote d better be off in a minute, Petunia. Marge\rquote s train gets in at ten.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, whose thoughts had been upstairs with the Broomstick Servicing Kit, was brought back to earth with an unpleasant bump.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aunt Marge?\rdblquote  he blurted out. \ldblquote Sh \emdash  \i she\rquote s\i0  not coming here, is she?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Aunt Marge was Uncle Vernon\rquote s sister. Even though she was not a blood relative of Harry\rquote s (whose mother had been Aunt Petunia\rquote s sister), he had been forced to call her \ldblquote Aunt\rdblquote  all his life. Aunt Marge lived in the country, in a house with a large garden, where she bred bulldogs. She didn\rquote t often stay at Privet Drive, because she couldn\rquote t bear to leave her precious dogs, but each of her visits stood out horribly vividly in Harry\rquote s mind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At Dudley\rquote s fifth birthday party, Aunt Marge had whacked Harry around the shins with her walking stick to stop him from beating Dudley at musical statues. A few years later, she had turned up at Christmas with a computerized robot for Dudley and a box of dog biscuits for Harry. On her last visit, the year before Harry started at Hogwarts, Harry had accidentally trodden on the tail of her favorite dog. Ripper had chased Harry out into the garden and up a tree, and Aunt Marge had refused to call him off until past midnight. The memory of this incident still brought tears of laugh\-ter to Dudley\rquote s eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Marge\rquote ll be here for a week,\rdblquote  Uncle Vernon snarled, \ldblquote and while we\rquote re on the subject\rdblquote  \emdash  he pointed a fat finger threateningly at Harry \emdash  \ldblquote we need to get a few things straight before I go and col\-lect her.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dudley smirked and withdrew his gaze from the television. Watching Harry being bullied by Uncle Vernon was Dudley\rquote s favorite form of entertainment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Firstly,\rdblquote  growled Uncle Vernon, \ldblquote you\rquote ll keep a civil tongue in your head when you\rquote re talking to Marge.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right,\rdblquote  said Harry bitterly, \ldblquote if she does when she\rquote s talking to me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Secondly,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon, acting as though he had not heard Harry\rquote s reply, \ldblquote as Marge doesn\rquote t know anything about your \i abnormality,\i0  I don\rquote t want any \emdash  any \i funny\i0  stuff while she\rquote s here. You behave yourself, got me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I will if she does,\rdblquote  said Harry through gritted teeth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And thirdly,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon, his mean little eyes now slits in his great purple face, \ldblquote we\rquote ve told Marge you attend St. Brutus\rquote s Secure Center for Incurably Criminal Boys.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote  Harry yelled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you\rquote ll be sticking to that story, boy, or there\rquote ll be trouble,\rdblquote  spat Uncle Vernon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sat there, white-faced and furious, staring at Uncle Vernon, hardly able to believe it. Aunt Marge coming for a week-long visit \emdash  it was the worst birthday present the Dursleys had ever given him, including that pair of Uncle Vernon\rquote s old socks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Petunia,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon, getting heavily to his feet, \ldblquote I\rquote ll be off to the station, then. Want to come along for the ride, Dudders?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Dudley, whose attention had returned to the televi\-sion now that Uncle Vernon had finished threatening Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Duddy\rquote s got to make himself smart for his auntie,\rdblquote  said Aunt Petunia, smoothing Dudley\rquote s thick blond hair. \ldblquote Mummy\rquote s bought him a lovely new bow tie.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Uncle Vernon clapped Dudley on his porky shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote See you in a bit, then,\rdblquote  he said, and he left the kitchen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, who had been sitting in a kind of horrified trance, had a sudden idea. Abandoning his toast, he got quickly to his feet and followed Uncle Vernon to the front door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Uncle Vernon was pulling on his car coat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not taking \i you,\i0\rdblquote  he snarled as he turned to see Harry watch\-ing him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Like I wanted to come,\rdblquote  said Harry coldly. \ldblquote I want to ask you something.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Uncle Vernon eyed him suspiciously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Third years at Hog \emdash  at my school are allowed to visit the vil\-lage sometimes,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So?\rdblquote  snapped Uncle Vernon, taking his car keys from a hook next to the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I need you to sign the permission form,\rdblquote  said Harry in a rush.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And why should I do that?\rdblquote  sneered Uncle Vernon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Harry, choosing his words carefully, \ldblquote it\rquote ll be hard work, pretending to Aunt Marge I go to that St. Whatsits \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote St. Brutus\rquote s Secure Center for Incurably Criminal Boys!\rdblquote  bel\-lowed Uncle Vernon, and Harry was pleased to hear a definite note of panic in Uncle Vernon\rquote s voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Exactly,\rdblquote  said Harry, looking calmly up into Uncle Vernon\rquote s large, purple face. \ldblquote It\rquote s a lot to remember. I\rquote ll have to make it sound convincing, won\rquote t I? What if I accidentally let something slip?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i You\rquote ll get the stuffing knocked out of you, won\rquote t you\i0 ?\rdblquote  roared Un\-cle Vernon, advancing on Harry with his fist raised. But Harry stood his ground.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Knocking the stuffing out of me won\rquote t make Aunt Marge for\-get what I could tell her,\rdblquote  he said grimly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Uncle Vernon stopped, his fist still raised, his face an ugly puce.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But if you sign my permission form,\rdblquote  Harry went on quickly, \ldblquote I swear I\rquote ll remember where I\rquote m supposed to go to school, and I\rquote ll act like a Mug \emdash  like I\rquote m normal and everything.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could tell that Uncle Vernon was thinking it over, even if his teeth were bared and a vein was throbbing in his temple.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  he snapped finally. \ldblquote I shall monitor your behavior care\-fully during Marge\rquote s visit. If, at the end of it, you\rquote ve toed the line and kept to the story, I\rquote ll sign your ruddy form.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He wheeled around, pulled open the front door, and slammed it so hard that one of the little panes of glass at the top fell out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry didn\rquote t return to the kitchen. He went back upstairs to his bedroom. If he was going to act like a real Muggle, he\rquote d better start now. Slowly and sadly he gathered up all his presents and his birthday cards and hid them under the loose floorboard with his homework. Then he went to Hedwig\rquote s cage. Errol seemed to have recovered; he and Hedwig were both asleep, heads under their wings. Harry sighed, then poked them both awake.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hedwig,\rdblquote  he said gloomily, \ldblquote you\rquote re going to have to clear off for a week. Go with Errol. Ron\rquote ll look after you. I\rquote ll write him a note, explaining. And don\rquote t look at me like that\rdblquote  \emdash  Hedwig\rquote s large am\-ber eyes were reproachful \emdash  \ldblquote it\rquote s not my fault. It\rquote s the only way I\rquote ll be allowed to visit Hogsmeade with Ron and Hermione.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ten minutes later, Errol and Hedwig (who had a note to Ron bound to her leg) soared out of the window and out of sight. Harry, now feeling thoroughly miserable, put the empty cage away inside the wardrobe.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry didn\rquote t have long to brood. In next to no time, Aunt\lang3081  \lang1033 Petunia was shrieking up the stairs for Harry to come down and get ready to welcome their guest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do something about your hair!\rdblquote  Aunt Petunia snapped as he reached the hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry couldn\rquote t see the point of trying to make his hair lie flat. Aunt Marge loved criticizing him, so the untidier he looked, the happier she would be.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 All too soon, there was a crunch of gravel outside as Uncle Vernon\rquote s car pulled back into the driveway, then the clunk of the car doors and footsteps on the garden path.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get the door!\rdblquote  Aunt Petunia hissed at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A feeling of great gloom in his stomach, Harry pulled the door open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 On the threshold stood Aunt Marge. She was very like Uncle Vernon: large, beefy, and purple-faced, she even had a mustache, though not as bushy as his. In one hand she held an enormous suit\-case, and tucked under the other was an old and evil-tempered bulldog.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote s my Dudders?\rdblquote  roared Aunt Marge. \ldblquote Where\rquote s my neffy-poo?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dudley came waddling down the hall, his blond hair plastered flat to his fat head, a bow tie just visible under his many chins. Aunt Marge thrust the suitcase into Harry\rquote s stomach, knocking the wind out of him, seized Dudley in a tight one-armed hug, and planted a large kiss on his cheek.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry knew perfectly well that Dudley only put up with Aunt Marge\rquote s hugs because he was well paid for it, and sure enough, when they broke apart, Dudley had a crisp twenty-pound note clutched in his fat fist.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Petunia!\rdblquote  shouted Aunt Marge, striding past Harry as though he was a hat stand. Aunt Marge and Aunt Petunia kissed, or rather, Aunt Marge bumped her large jaw against Aunt Petunia\rquote s bony cheekbone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Uncle Vernon now came in, smiling jovially as he shut the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tea, Marge?\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote And what will Ripper take?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ripper can have some tea out of my saucer,\rdblquote  said Aunt Marge as they all proceeded into the kitchen, leaving Harry alone in the hall with the suitcase. But Harry wasn\rquote t complaining; any ex\-cuse not to be with Aunt Marge was fine by him, so he began to heave the case upstairs into the spare bedroom, taking as long as he could.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 By the time he got back to the kitchen, Aunt Marge had been supplied with tea and fruitcake, and Ripper was lapping noisily in the corner. Harry saw Aunt Petunia wince slightly as specks of tea and drool flecked her clean floor. Aunt Petunia hated animals.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who\rquote s looking after the other dogs, Marge?\rdblquote  Uncle Vernon asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I\rquote ve got Colonel Fubster managing them,\rdblquote  boomed Aunt Marge. \ldblquote He\rquote s retired now, good for him to have something to do. But I couldn\rquote t leave poor old Ripper. He pines if he\rquote s away from me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ripper began to growl again as Harry sat down. This directed Aunt Marge\rquote s attention to Harry for the first time.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So!\rdblquote  she barked. \ldblquote Still here, are you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t you say \lang3081\lquote\lang1033 yes\lang3081\rquote\lang1033  in that ungrateful tone,\rdblquote  Aunt Marge growled. \ldblquote It\rquote s damn good of Vernon and Petunia to keep you. Wouldn\rquote t have done it myself. You\rquote d have gone straight to an or\-phanage if you\rquote d been dumped on \i my\i0  doorstep.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was bursting to say that he\rquote d rather live in an orphanage than with the Dursleys, but the thought of the Hogsmeade form stopped him. He forced his face into a painful smile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t you smirk at me!\rdblquote  boomed Aunt Marge. \ldblquote I can see you haven\rquote t improved since I last saw you. I hoped school would knock some manners into you.\rdblquote  She took a large gulp of tea, wiped her mustache, and said, \ldblquote Where is it that you send him, again, Vernon?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote St. Brutus\rquote s,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon promptly. \ldblquote It\rquote s a first-rate institution for hopeless cases.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I see,\rdblquote  said Aunt Marge. \ldblquote Do they use the cane at St. Brutus\rquote s, boy?\rdblquote  she barked across the table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Uncle Vernon nodded curtly behind Aunt Marge\rquote s back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry. Then, feeling he might as well do the thing properly, he added, \ldblquote all the time.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excellent,\rdblquote  said Aunt Marge. \ldblquote I won\rquote t have this namby-pamby, wishy-washy nonsense about not hitting people who deserve it. A good thrashing is what\rquote s needed in ninety-nine cases out of a hun\-dred. Have \i you\i0  been beaten often?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote loads of times.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Aunt Marge narrowed her eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I still don\rquote t like your tone, boy,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote If you can speak of your beatings in that casual way, they clearly aren\rquote t hitting you hard enough. Petunia, I\rquote d write if I were you. Make it clear that you ap\-prove the use of extreme force in this boy\rquote s case.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Perhaps Uncle Vernon was worried that Harry might forget their bargain; in any case, he changed the subject abruptly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Heard the news this morning, Marge? What about that escaped prisoner, eh?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 As Aunt Marge started to make herself at home, Harry caught him\-self thinking almost longingly of life at number four without her. Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia usually encouraged Harry to stay out of their way, which Harry was only too happy to do. Aunt Marge, on the other hand, wanted Harry under her eye at all times, so that she could boom out suggestions for his improvement. She delighted in comparing Harry with Dudley, and took huge plea\-sure in buying Dudley expensive presents while glaring at Harry, as though daring him to ask why he hadn\rquote t got a present too. She also kept throwing out dark hints about what made Harry such an un\-satisfactory person.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You mustn\rquote t blame yourself for the way the boy\rquote s turned out, Vernon,\rdblquote  she said over lunch on the third day. \ldblquote If there\rquote s something rotten on the \i inside, \i0 there\rquote s nothing anyone can do about it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry tried to concentrate on his food, but his hands shook and his face was starting to burn with anger. \i Remember the form\i0 , he told himself. \i Think about Hogsmeade. Don\rquote t say anything. Don\rquote t rise\i0  \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Aunt Marge reached for her glass of wine.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s one of the basic rules of breeding,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote You see it all the time with dogs. If there\rquote s something wrong with the bitch, there\rquote ll be something wrong with the pup \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At that moment, the wineglass Aunt Marge was holding ex\-ploded in her hand. Shards of glass flew in every direction and Aunt Marge sputtered and blinked, her great ruddy face dripping.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Marge!\rdblquote  squealed Aunt Petunia. \ldblquote Marge, are you all right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not to worry,\rdblquote  grunted Aunt Marge, mopping her face with her napkin. \ldblquote Must have squeezed it too hard. Did the same thing at Colonel Fubster\rquote s the other day. No need to fuss, Petunia, I have a very firm grip \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon were both looking at Harry suspiciously, so he decided he\rquote d better skip dessert and escape from the table as soon as he could.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Outside in the hall, he leaned against the wall, breathing deeply. It had been a long time since he\rquote d lost control and made something explode. He couldn\rquote t afford to let it happen again. The Hogsmeade form wasn\rquote t the only thing at stake \emdash  if he carried on like that, he\rquote d be in trouble with the Ministry of Magic.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was still an underage wizard, and he was forbidden by wizard law to do magic outside school. His record wasn\rquote t exactly clean either. Only last summer he\rquote d gotten an official warning that had stated quite clearly that if the Ministry got wind of any more magic in Privet Drive, Harry would face expulsion from Hogwarts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He heard the Dursleys leaving the table and hurried upstairs out of the way.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry got through the next three days by forcing himself to think about his \i Handbook of Do-It-Yourself Broomcare\i0  whenever Aunt Marge started on him. This worked quite well, though it seemed to give him a glazed look, because Aunt Marge started voicing the opinion that he was mentally subnormal.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At last, at long last, the final evening of Marge\rquote s stay arrived. Aunt Petunia cooked a fancy dinner and Uncle Vernon uncorked several bottles of wine. They got all the way through the soup and\lang3081  \lang1033 the salmon without a single mention of Harry\rquote s faults; during the lemon meringue pie, Uncle Vernon bored them all with a long talk about Grunnings, his drill-making company; then Aunt Petunia made coffee and Uncle Vernon brought out a bottle of brandy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can I tempt you, Marge?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Aunt Marge had already had quite a lot of wine. Her huge face was very red.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just a small one, then,\rdblquote  she chuckled. \ldblquote A bit more than that\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 and a bit more \'85 that\rquote s the ticket.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dudley was eating his fourth slice of pie. Aunt Petunia was sip\-ping coffee with her little finger sticking out. Harry really wanted to disappear into his bedroom, but he met Uncle Vernon\rquote s angry little eyes and knew he would have to sit it out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aah,\rdblquote  said Aunt Marge, smacking her lips and putting the empty brandy glass back down. \ldblquote Excellent nosh, Petunia. It\rquote s nor\-mally just a fry-up for me of an evening, with twelve dogs to look after. \'85\rdblquote  She burped richly and patted her great tweed stomach. \ldblquote Pardon me. But I do like to see a healthy-sized boy,\rdblquote  she went on, winking at Dudley. \ldblquote You\rquote ll be a proper-sized man, Dudders, like your father. Yes, I\rquote ll have a spot more brandy, Vernon. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, this one here \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She jerked her head at Harry, who felt his stomach clench. \i The Handbook\i0 , he thought quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This one\rquote s got a mean, runty look about him. You get that with dogs. I had Colonel Fubster drown one last year. Ratty little thing it was. Weak. Underbred.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was trying to remember page twelve of his book: \i A Charm to Cure Reluctant Reversers.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It all comes down to blood, as I was saying the other day. Bad blood will out. Now, I\rquote m saying nothing against your family, Petunia\rdblquote  \emdash  she patted Aunt Petunia\rquote s bony hand with her shovel\-like one \emdash  \ldblquote but your sister was a bad egg. They turn up in the best families. Then she ran off with a wastrel and here\rquote s the result right in front of us.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was staring at his plate, a funny ringing in his ears. \i Grasp your broom firmly by the tail,\i0  he thought. But he couldn\rquote t remember what came next. Aunt Marge\rquote s voice seemed to be boring into him like one of Uncle Vernon\rquote s drills.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This Potter,\rdblquote  said Aunt Marge loudly, seizing the brandy bottle and splashing more into her glass and over the tablecloth, \ldblquote you never told me what he did?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia were looking extremely tense. Dudley had even looked up from his pie to gape at his parents.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He \emdash  didn\rquote t work,\rdblquote  said Uncle Vernon, with half a glance at Harry. \ldblquote Unemployed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As I expected!\rdblquote  said Aunt Marge, taking a huge swig of brandy and wiping her chin on her sleeve. \ldblquote A no-account, good-for-nothing, lazy scrounger who \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He was not,\rdblquote  said Harry suddenly. The table went very quiet. Harry was shaking all over. He had never felt so angry in his life.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote MORE BRANDY!\rdblquote  yelled Uncle Vernon, who had gone very white. He emptied the bottle into Aunt Marge\rquote s glass. \ldblquote You, boy,\rdblquote  he snarled at Harry. \ldblquote Go to bed, go on \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, Vernon,\rdblquote  hiccuped Aunt Marge, holding up a hand, her tiny bloodshot eyes fixed on Harry\rquote s. \ldblquote Go on, boy, go on. Proud of your parents, are you? They go and get themselves killed in a car crash (drunk, I expect) \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They didn\rquote t die in a car crash!\rdblquote  said Harry, who found himself on his feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They died in a car crash, you nasty little liar, and left you to be a burden on their decent, hardworking relatives!\rdblquote  screamed Aunt Marge, swelling with fury. \ldblquote You are an insolent, ungrateful little \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Aunt Marge suddenly stopped speaking. For a moment, it looked as though words had failed her. She seemed to be swelling with inexpressible anger \emdash  but the swelling didn\rquote t stop. Her great red face started to expand, her tiny eyes bulged, and her mouth stretched too tightly for speech \emdash  next second, several buttons had just burst from her tweed jacket and pinged off the walls \emdash  she was inflating like a monstrous balloon, her stomach bursting free of her tweed waistband, each of her fingers blowing up like a salami \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote MARGE!\rdblquote  yelled Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia together as Aunt Marge\rquote s whole body began to rise off her chair toward the ceiling. She was entirely round, now, like a vast life buoy with piggy eyes, and her hands and feet stuck out weirdly as she drifted up into the air, making apoplectic popping noises. Ripper came skidding into the room, barking madly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote NOOOOOOO!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Uncle Vernon seized one of Marge\rquote s feet and tried to pull her down again, but was almost lifted from the floor himself. A second later, Ripper leapt forward and sank his teeth into Uncle Vernon\rquote s leg.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry tore from the dining room before anyone could stop him, heading for the cupboard under the stairs. The cupboard door burst magically open as he reached it. In seconds, he had heaved his trunk to the front door. He sprinted upstairs and threw himself\lang3081  \lang1033 under the bed, wrenching up the loose floorboard, and grabbed the pillowcase full of his books and birthday presents. He wriggled out, seized Hedwig\rquote s empty cage, and dashed back downstairs to his trunk, just as Uncle Vernon burst out of the dining room, his trouser leg in bloody tatters.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote COME BACK IN HERE!\rdblquote  he bellowed. \ldblquote COME BACK AND PUT HER RIGHT!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But a reckless rage had come over Harry. He kicked his trunk open, pulled out his wand, and pointed it at Uncle Vernon.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She deserved it,\rdblquote  Harry said, breathing very fast. \ldblquote She deserved what she got. You keep away from me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He fumbled behind him for the latch on the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m going,\rdblquote  Harry said. \ldblquote I\rquote ve had enough.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And in the next moment, he was out in the dark, quiet street, heaving his heavy trunk behind him, Hedwig\rquote s cage under his arm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 3\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Knight Bus\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry was several streets away before he collapsed onto a low wall in Magnolia Crescent, panting from the effort of dragging his trunk. He sat quite still, anger still surging through him, listening to the frantic thumping of his heart.\par
But after ten minutes alone in the dark street, a new emotion overtook him: panic. Whichever way he looked at it, he had never been in a worse fix. He was stranded, quite alone, in the dark Mug\-gle world, with absolutely nowhere to go. And the worst of it was, he had just done serious magic, which meant that he was almost certainly expelled from Hogwarts. He had broken the Decree for the Restriction of Underage Wizardry so badly, he was surprised Ministry of Magic representatives weren\rquote t swooping down on him where he sat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shivered and looked up and down Magnolia Crescent. What was going to happen to him? Would he be arrested, or would\lang3081  \lang1033 he simply be outlawed from the wizarding world? He thought of Ron and Hermione, and his heart sank even lower. Harry was sure that, criminal or not, Ron and Hermione would want to help him now, but they were both abroad, and with Hedwig gone, he had no means of contacting them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He didn\rquote t have any Muggle money, either. There was a little wiz\-ard gold in the money bag at the bottom of his trunk, but the rest of the fortune his parents had left him was stored in a vault at Gringotts Wizarding Bank in London. He\rquote d never be able to drag his trunk all the way to London. Unless \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked down at his wand, which he was still clutching in his hand. If he was already expelled (his heart was now thumping painfully fast), a bit more magic couldn\rquote t hurt. He had the Invisi\-bility Cloak he had inherited from his father \emdash  what if he bewitched the trunk to make it feather-light, tied it to his broom\-stick, covered himself in the cloak, and flew to London? Then he could get the rest of his money out of his vault and \'85 begin his life as an outcast. It was a horrible prospect, but he couldn\rquote t sit on this wall forever, or he\rquote d find himself trying to explain to Muggle police why he was out in the dead of night with a trunkful of spell\-books and a broomstick.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry opened his trunk again and pushed the contents aside, looking for the Invisibility Cloak \emdash  but before he had found it, he straightened up suddenly, looking around him once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A funny prickling on the back of his neck had made Harry feel he was being watched, but the street appeared to be deserted, and no lights shone from any of the large square houses.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He bent over his trunk again, but almost immediately stood up once more, his hand clenched on his wand. He had sensed rather\lang3081  \lang1033 than heard it: someone or something was standing in the narrow gap between the garage and the fence behind him. Harry squinted at the black alleyway. If only it would move, then he\rquote d know whether it was just a stray cat or \emdash  something else.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Lumos,\i0\rdblquote  Harry muttered, and a light appeared at the end of his wand, almost dazzling him. He held it high over his head, and the pebble-dashed walls of number two suddenly sparkled; the garage door gleamed, and between them Harry saw, quite distinctly, the hulking outline of something very big, with wide, gleaming eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stepped backward. His legs hit his trunk and he tripped. His wand flew out of his hand as he flung out an arm to break his fall, and he landed, hard, in the gutter \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a deafening BANG, and Harry threw up his hands to shield his eyes against a sudden blinding light \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With a yell, he rolled back onto the pavement, just in time. A second later, a gigantic pair of wheels and headlights screeched to a halt exactly where Harry had just been lying. They belonged, as Harry saw when he raised his head, to a triple-decker, violently purple bus, which had appeared out of thin air. Gold lettering over the windshield spelled \i The Knight Bus.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 For a split second, Harry wondered if he had been knocked silly by his fall. Then a conductor in a purple uniform leapt out of the bus and began to speak loudly to the night.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Welcome to the Knight Bus, emergency transport for the stranded witch or wizard. Just stick out your wand hand, step on board, and we can take you anywhere you want to go. My name is Stan Shunpike, and I will be your conductor this eve \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The conductor stopped abruptly. He had just caught sight of Harry, who was still sitting on the ground. Harry snatched up his\lang3081  \lang1033 wand again and scrambled to his feet. Close up, he saw that Stan Shunpike was only a few years older than he was, eighteen or nine\-teen at most, with large, protruding ears and quite a few pimples.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What were you doin\rquote  down there?\rdblquote  said Stan, dropping his pro\-fessional manner.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fell over,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\ldblquote  \rquote\lang1033 Choo fall over for?\rdblquote  sniggered Stan.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t do it on purpose,\rdblquote  said Harry, annoyed. One of the knees in his jeans was torn, and the hand he had thrown out to break his fall was bleeding. He suddenly remembered why he had fallen over and turned around quickly to stare at the alleyway be\-tween the garage and fence. The Knight Bus\rquote s headlamps were flooding it with light, and it was empty.\lang3081\par
\ldblquote  \rquote\lang1033 Choo lookin\rquote  at?\rdblquote  said Stan.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There was a big black thing,\rdblquote  said Harry, pointing uncertainly into the gap. \ldblquote Like a dog \'85 but massive \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked around at Stan, whose mouth was slightly open. With a feeling of unease, Harry saw Stan\rquote s eyes move to the scar on Harry\rquote s forehead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Woss that on your \rquote ead?\rdblquote  said Stan abruptly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly, flattening his hair over his scar. If the Ministry of Magic was looking for him, he didn\rquote t want to make it too easy for them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Woss your name?\rdblquote  Stan persisted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Neville Longbottom,\rdblquote  said Harry, saying the first name that came into his head. \ldblquote So \emdash  so this bus,\rdblquote  he went on quickly, hop\-ing to distract Stan, \ldblquote did you say it goes \i anywhere\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yep,\rdblquote  said Stan proudly, \ldblquote anywhere you like, long\rquote s it\rquote s on land. Can\rquote t do nuffink underwater. \rquote Ere,\rdblquote  he said, looking suspicious\lang3081  \lang1033 again, \ldblquote you \i did \i0 flag us down, dincha? Stuck out your wand \rquote and, dincha?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly. \ldblquote Listen, how much would it be to get to London?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Eleven Sickles,\rdblquote  said Stan, \ldblquote but for firteen you get \rquote ot chocolate, and for fifteen you get an \rquote ot water bottle an\rquote  a toofbrush in the color of your choice.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry rummaged once more in his trunk, extracted his money bag, and shoved some gold into Stan\rquote s hand. He and Stan then lifted his trunk, with Hedwig\rquote s cage balanced on top, up the steps of the bus.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There were no seats; instead, half a dozen brass bedsteads stood beside the curtained windows. Candles were burning in brackets beside each bed, illuminating the wood-paneled walls. A tiny wiz\-ard in a nightcap at the rear of the bus muttered, \ldblquote Not now, thanks, I\rquote m pickling some slugs\rdblquote  and rolled over in his sleep.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \rquote ave this one,\rdblquote  Stan whispered, shoving Harry\rquote s trunk un\-der the bed right behind the driver, who was sitting in an armchair in front of the steering wheel. \ldblquote This is our driver, Ernie Prang. This is Neville Longbottom, Ern.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ernie Prang, an elderly wizard wearing very thick glasses, nod\-ded to Harry, who nervously flattened his bangs again and sat down on his bed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Take \rquote er away, Ern,\rdblquote  said Stan, sitting down in the armchair next to Ernie\rquote s.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was another tremendous BANG, and the next moment Harry found himself flat on his bed, thrown backward by the speed of the Knight Bus. Pulling himself up, Harry stared out of the dark window and saw that they were now bowling along a\lang3081  \lang1033 completely different street. Stan was watching Harry\rquote s stunned face with great enjoyment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is where we was before you flagged us down,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Where are we, Ern? Somewhere in Wales?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ar,\rdblquote  said Ernie.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How come the Muggles don\rquote t hear the bus?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Them!\rdblquote  said Stan contemptuously. \ldblquote Don\rquote  listen properly, do they? Don\rquote  look properly either. Never notice nuffink, they don\rquote .\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Best go wake up Madam Marsh, Stan,\rdblquote  said Ern. \ldblquote We\rquote ll be in Abergavenny in a minute.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Stan passed Harry\rquote s bed and disappeared up a narrow wooden staircase. Harry was still looking out of the window, feeling in\-creasingly nervous. Ernie didn\rquote t seem to have mastered the use of a steering wheel. The Knight Bus kept mounting the pavement, but it didn\rquote t hit anything; lines of lampposts, mailboxes, and trash cans jumped out of its way as it approached and back into position once it had passed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Stan came back downstairs, followed by a faintly green witch wrapped in a traveling cloak.\lang3081\par
\ldblquote  \rquote\lang1033 Ere you go, Madam Marsh,\rdblquote  said Stan happily as Ern stamped on the brake and the beds slid a foot or so toward the front of the bus. Madam Marsh clamped a handkerchief to her mouth and tot\-tered down the steps. Stan threw her bag out after her and rammed the doors shut; there was another loud BANG, and they were thun\-dering down a narrow country lane, trees leaping out of the way.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry wouldn\rquote t have been able to sleep even if he had been trav\-eling on a bus that didn\rquote t keep banging loudly and jumping a hun\-dred miles at a time. His stomach churned as he fell back to\lang3081  \lang1033 wondering what was going to happen to him, and whether the Dursleys had managed to get Aunt Marge off the ceiling yet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Stan had unfurled a copy of the \i Daily Prophet\i0  and was now read\-ing with his tongue between his teeth. A large photograph of a sunken-faced man with long, matted hair blinked slowly at Harry from the front page. He looked strangely familiar.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That man!\rdblquote  Harry said, forgetting his troubles for a moment. \ldblquote He was on the Muggle news!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Stanley turned to the front page and chuckled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius Black,\rdblquote  he said, nodding. \lang3081\ldblquote  \rquote\lang1033 Course\lang3081  \rquote\lang1033 e was on the Muggle news, Neville, where you been?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He gave a superior sort of chuckle at the blank look on Harry\rquote s face, removed the front page, and handed it to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You oughta read the papers more, Neville.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry held the paper up to the candlelight and read:\lang3081\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\lang1033 BLACK STILL AT LARGE\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033 Sirius Black, possibly the most infamous prisoner ever to be held in Azkaban fortress, is still eluding capture, the Ministry of Magic confirmed today.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We are doing all we can to recapture Black,\rdblquote  said the Minister of Magic, Cornelius Fudge, this morning, \ldblquote and we beg the magical community to remain calm.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge has been criticized by some members of the International Federation of Warlocks for in\-forming the Muggle Prime Minister of the crisis.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, really, I had to, don\rquote t you know,\rdblquote  said an\lang3081  \lang1033 irritable Fudge. \ldblquote Black is mad. He\rquote s a danger to anyone who crosses him, magic or Muggle. I have the Prime Minister\rquote s assurance that he will not breathe a word of Black\rquote s true identity to anyone. And let\rquote s face it \emdash  who\rquote d believe him if he did?\rdblquote\par
While Muggles have been told that Black is car\-rying a gun (a kind of metal wand that Muggles use to kill each other), the magical community lives in fear of a massacre like that of twelve years ago, when Black murdered thirteen people with a single curse.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry looked into the shadowed eyes of Sirius Black, the only part of the sunken face that seemed alive. Harry had never met a vampire, but he had seen pictures of them in his Defense Against the Dark Arts classes, and Black, with his waxy white skin, looked just like one.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Scary-lookin\rquote  fing, inee?\rdblquote  said Stan, who had been watching Harry read.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He murdered \i thirteen people\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Harry, handing the page back to Stan, \ldblquote with \i one curse\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yep,\rdblquote  said Stan, \ldblquote in front of witnesses an\rquote  all. Broad daylight. Big trouble it caused, dinnit, Ern?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ar,\rdblquote  said Ern darkly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Stan swiveled in his armchair, his hands on the back, the better to look at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Black woz a big supporter of You-Know-\rquote Oo,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What, Voldemort?\rdblquote  said Harry, without thinking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Even Stan\rquote s pimples went white; Ern jerked the steering wheel\lang3081  \lang1033 so hard that a whole farmhouse had to jump aside to avoid the bus.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You outta your tree?\rdblquote  yelped Stan. \ldblquote  \rquote Choo say \rquote is name for?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry,\rdblquote  said Harry hastily. \ldblquote Sorry, I \emdash  I forgot \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Forgot!\rdblquote  said Stan weakly. \ldblquote Blimey, my \rquote eart\rquote s goin\rquote  that fast \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So \emdash  so Black was a supporter of You-Know-Who?\rdblquote  Harry prompted apologetically.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Stan, still rubbing his chest. \ldblquote Yeah, that\rquote s right. Very close to You-Know-\rquote Oo, they say. Anyway, when little \rquote Arry Potter got the better of You-Know-\rquote Oo \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry nervously flattened his bangs down again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  all You-Know-\rquote Oo\rquote s supporters was tracked down, wasn\rquote t they, Ern? Most of \rquote em knew it was all over, wiv You-Know-\rquote Oo gone, and they came quiet. But not Sirius Black. I \rquote eard he thought \rquote e\rquote d be second-in-command once You-Know-\rquote Oo \rquote ad taken over.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anyway, they cornered Black in the middle of a street full of Muggles an\rquote  Black took out \rquote is wand and \rquote e blasted \rquote alf the street apart, an\rquote  a wizard got it, an\rquote  so did a dozen Muggles what got in the way. \rquote Orrible, eh? An\rquote  you know what Black did then?\rdblquote  Stan continued in a dramatic whisper.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Laughed\i0 ,\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 said Stan. \ldblquote Jus\rquote  stood there an\rquote  laughed. An\rquote  when re\-inforcements from the Ministry of Magic got there, \rquote e went wiv \rquote em quiet as anyfink, still laughing \rquote is \rquote ead off. \rquote Cos \rquote e\rquote s mad, inee, Ern? Inee mad?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If he weren\rquote t when he went to Azkaban, he will be now,\rdblquote  said\lang3081  \lang1033 Ern in his slow voice. \ldblquote I\rquote d blow meself up before I set foot in that place. Serves him right, mind you \'85 after what he did. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They \rquote ad a job coverin\rquote  it up, din\rquote  they, Ern?\rdblquote  Stan said. \ldblquote  \rquote Ole street blown up an\rquote  all them Muggles dead. What was it they said \rquote ad \rquote appened, Ern?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Gas explosion,\rdblquote  grunted Ernie.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote An\rquote  now \rquote e\rquote s out,\rdblquote  said Stan, examining the newspaper pic\-ture of Black\rquote s gaunt face again. \ldblquote Never been a breakout from Azkaban before, \rquote as there, Ern? Beats me \rquote ow \rquote e did it. Frightenin\rquote , eh? Mind, I don\rquote t fancy \rquote is chances against them Azkaban guards, eh, Ern?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ernie suddenly shivered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Talk about summat else, Stan, there\rquote s a good lad. Them Azka\-ban guards give me the collywobbles.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Stan put the paper away reluctantly, and Harry leaned against the window of the Knight Bus, feeling worse than ever. He couldn\rquote t help imagining what Stan might be telling his passengers in a few nights\rquote  time.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Ear about that \rquote Arry Potter? Blew up \rquote is aunt! We \rquote ad \rquote im \rquote ere on the Knight Bus, di\rquote n\rquote t we, Ern? \rquote E was tryin\rquote  to run for it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He, Harry, had broken wizard law just like Sirius Black. Was in\-flating Aunt Marge bad enough to land him in Azkaban? Harry didn\rquote t know anything about the wizard prison, though everyone he\rquote d ever heard speak of it did so in the same fearful tone. Hagrid, the Hogwarts gamekeeper, had spent two months there only last year. Harry wouldn\rquote t soon forget the look of terror on Hagrid\rquote s face when he had been told where he was going, and Hagrid was one of the bravest people Harry knew.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Knight Bus rolled through the darkness, scattering bushes and wastebaskets, telephone booths and trees, and Harry lay, restless and miserable, on his feather bed. After a while, Stan remembered that Harry had paid for hot chocolate, but poured it all over Harry\rquote s pillow when the bus moved abruptly from Angle\-sey to Aberdeen. One by one, wizards and witches in dressing gowns and slippers descended from the upper floors to leave the bus. They all looked very pleased to go.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Finally, Harry was the only passenger left.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right then, Neville,\rdblquote  said Stan, clapping his hands, \ldblquote where\-abouts in London?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Diagon Alley,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Righto,\rdblquote  said Stan. \ldblquote  \rquote Old tight, then \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 BANG!\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were thundering along Charing Cross Road. Harry sat up and watched buildings and benches squeezing themselves out of the Knight Bus\rquote s way. The sky was getting a little lighter. He would lie low for a couple of hours, go to Gringotts the moment it opened, then set off\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  where, he didn\rquote t know.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ern slammed on the brakes and the Knight Bus skidded to a halt in front of a small and shabby-looking pub, the Leaky Cauldron, behind which lay the magical entrance to Diagon Alley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  Harry said to Ern.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He jumped down the steps and helped Stan lower his trunk and Hedwig\rquote s cage onto the pavement.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote  \rquote Bye then!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Stan wasn\rquote t paying attention. Still standing in the doorway to the bus, he was goggling at the shadowy entrance to the Leaky Cauldron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i There\i0  you are, Harry,\rdblquote  said a voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Before Harry could turn, he felt a hand on his shoulder. At the same time, Stan shouted, \ldblquote Blimey! Ern, come \rquote ere! Come \i\rquote ere\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked up at the owner of the hand on his shoulder and felt a bucketful of ice cascade into his stomach \emdash  he had walked right into Cornelius Fudge, the Minister of Magic himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Stan leapt onto the pavement beside them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What didja call Neville, Minister?\rdblquote  he said excitedly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge, a portly little man in a long, pinstriped cloak, looked cold and exhausted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Neville?\rdblquote  he repeated, frowning. \ldblquote This is Harry Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I knew it!\rdblquote  Stan shouted gleefully. \ldblquote Ern! Ern! Guess \rquote oo Neville is, Ern! \rquote E\rquote s \rquote Arry Potter! I can see \rquote is scar!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Fudge testily, \ldblquote well, I\rquote m very glad the Knight Bus picked Harry up, but he and I need to step inside the Leaky Caul\-dron now \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge increased the pressure on Harry\rquote s shoulder, and Harry found himself being steered inside the pub. A stooping figure bear\-ing a lantern appeared through the door behind the bar. It was Tom, the wizened, toothless landlord.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve got him, Minister!\rdblquote  said Tom. \ldblquote Will you be wanting anything? Beer? Brandy?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Perhaps a pot of tea,\rdblquote  said Fudge, who still hadn\rquote t let go of Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a loud scraping and puffing from behind them, and Stan and Ern appeared, carrying Harry\rquote s trunk and Hedwig\rquote s cage and looking around excitedly.\lang3081\par
\ldblquote  \rquote\lang1033 Ow come you di\rquote n\rquote t tell us \rquote oo you are, eh, Neville?\rdblquote  said Stan,\lang3081  \lang1033 beaming at Harry, while Ernie\rquote s owlish face peered interestedly over Stan\rquote s shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And a\lang3081  \lang1033\i private\i0  parlor, please, Tom,\rdblquote  said Fudge pointedly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Bye,\rdblquote  Harry said miserably to Stan and Ern as Tom beckoned Fudge toward the passage that led from the bar.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Bye, Neville!\rdblquote  called Stan.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge marched Harry along the narrow passage after Tom\rquote s lantern, and then into a small parlor. Tom clicked his fingers, a fire burst into life in the grate, and he bowed himself out of the room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sit down, Harry,\rdblquote  said Fudge, indicating a chair by the fire.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sat down, feeling goose bumps rising up his arms despite the glow of the fire. Fudge took off his pinstriped cloak and tossed it aside, then hitched up the trousers of his bottle-green suit and sat down opposite Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am Cornelius Fudge, Harry. The Minister of Magic.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry already knew this, of course; he had seen Fudge once be\-fore, but as he had been wearing his father\rquote s Invisibility Cloak at the time, Fudge wasn\rquote t to know that.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Tom the innkeeper reappeared, wearing an apron over his night\-shirt and bearing a tray of tea and crumpets. He placed the tray on a table between Fudge and Harry and left the parlor, closing the door behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Harry,\rdblquote  said Fudge, pouring out tea, \ldblquote you\rquote ve had us all in a right flap, I don\rquote t mind telling you. Running away from your aunt and uncle\rquote s house like that! I\rquote d started to think \'85 but you\rquote re safe, and that\rquote s what matters.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge buttered himself a crumpet and pushed the plate toward Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Eat, Harry, you look dead on your feet. Now then \'85 You will be pleased to hear that we have dealt with the unfortunate blowing-up of Miss Marjorie Dursley. Two members of the Ac\-cidental Magic Reversal Squad were dispatched to Privet Drive a few hours ago. Miss Dursley has been punctured and her memory has been modified. She has no recollection of the incident at all. So that\rquote s that, and no harm done.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge smiled at Harry over the rim of his teacup, rather like an uncle surveying a favorite nephew. Harry, who couldn\rquote t believe his ears, opened his mouth to speak, couldn\rquote t think of anything to say, and closed it again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, you\rquote re worrying about the reaction of your aunt and un\-cle?\rdblquote  said Fudge. \ldblquote Well, I won\rquote t deny that they are extremely angry, Harry, but they are prepared to take you back next summer as long as you stay at Hogwarts for the Christmas and Easter holidays.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry unstuck his throat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \i always \i0 stay at Hogwarts for the Christmas and Easter holi\-days,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote and I don\rquote t ever want to go back to Privet Drive.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, now, I\rquote m sure you\rquote ll feel differently once you\rquote ve calmed down,\rdblquote  said Fudge in a worried tone. \ldblquote They are your family, after all, and I\rquote m sure you are fond of each other \emdash  er \emdash  \i very\i0  deep down.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It didn\rquote t occur to Harry to put Fudge right. He was still waiting to hear what was going to happen to him now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So all that remains,\rdblquote  said Fudge, now buttering himself a sec\-ond crumpet, \ldblquote is to decide where you\rquote re going to spend the last three weeks of your vacation. I suggest you take a room here at the Leaky Cauldron and \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Hang on,\rdblquote  blurted Harry. \ldblquote What about my punishment?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge blinked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Punishment?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I broke the law!\rdblquote  Harry said. \ldblquote The Decree for the Restriction of Underage Wizardry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, my dear boy, we\rquote re not going to punish you for a little thing like that!\rdblquote  cried Fudge, waving his crumpet impatiently. \ldblquote It was an accident! We don\rquote t send people to Azkaban just for blowing up their aunts!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But this didn\rquote t tally at all with Harry\rquote s past dealings with the Ministry of Magic.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Last year, I got an official warning just because a house-elf smashed a pudding in my uncle\rquote s house!\rdblquote  he told Fudge, frowning. \ldblquote The Ministry of Magic said I\rquote d be expelled from Hogwarts if there was any more magic there!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Unless Harry\rquote s eyes were deceiving him, Fudge was suddenly looking awkward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Circumstances change, Harry. \'85 We have to take into ac\-count \'85 in the present climate \'85 Surely you don\rquote t \i want\i0  to be ex\-pelled?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course I don\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well then, what\rquote s all the fuss about?\rdblquote  laughed Fudge. \ldblquote Now, have a crumpet, Harry, while I go and see if Tom\rquote s got a room for you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge strode out of the parlor and Harry stared after him. There was something extremely odd going on. Why had Fudge been waiting for him at the Leaky Cauldron, if not to punish him for what he\rquote d done? And now Harry came to think of it, surely it wasn\rquote t\lang3081  \lang1033 usual for the Minister of Magic \i himself\i0  to get involved in matters of underage magic?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge came back, accompanied by Tom the innkeeper.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Room eleven\rquote s free, Harry,\rdblquote  said Fudge. \ldblquote I think you\rquote ll be very comfortable. Just one thing, and I\rquote m sure you\rquote ll understand \'85 I don\rquote t want you wandering off into Muggle London, all right? Keep to Diagon Alley. And you\rquote re to be back here before dark each night. Sure you\rquote ll understand. Tom will be keeping an eye on you for me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  said Harry slowly, \ldblquote but why \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t want to lose you again, do we?\rdblquote  said Fudge with a hearty laugh. \ldblquote No, no \'85 best we know where you are. \'85 I mean \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge cleared his throat loudly and picked up his pinstriped cloak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I\rquote ll be off, plenty to do, you know. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have you had any luck with Black yet?\rdblquote  Harry asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge\rquote s finger slipped on the silver fastenings of his cloak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s that? Oh, you\rquote ve heard \emdash  well, no, not yet, but it\rquote s only a matter of time. The Azkaban guards have never yet failed \'85 and they are angrier than I\rquote ve ever seen them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge shuddered slightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, I\rquote ll say good-bye.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He held out his hand and Harry, shaking it, had a sudden idea.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  Minister? Can I ask you something?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Certainly,\rdblquote  said Fudge with a smile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, third years at Hogwarts are allowed to visit Hogsmeade, but my aunt and uncle didn\rquote t sign the permission form. D\rquote you think you could \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge was looking uncomfortable.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote No, no, I\rquote m very sorry, Harry, but as I\rquote m not your parent or guardian \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you\rquote re the Minister of Magic,\rdblquote  said Harry eagerly. \ldblquote If you gave me permission \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I\rquote m sorry, Harry, but rules are rules,\rdblquote  said Fudge flatly. \ldblquote Perhaps you\rquote ll be able to visit Hogsmeade next year. In fact, I think it\rquote s best if you don\rquote t\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 yes \'85 well, I\rquote ll be off. Enjoy your stay, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And with a last smile and shake of Harry\rquote s hand, Fudge left the room. Tom now moved forward, beaming at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you\rquote ll follow me, Mr. Potter,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote I\rquote ve already taken your things up. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry followed Tom up a handsome wooden staircase to a door with a brass number eleven on it, which Tom unlocked and opened for him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Inside was a very comfortable-looking bed, some highly pol\-ished oak furniture, a cheerfully crackling fire and, perched on top of the wardrobe \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hedwig!\rdblquote  Harry gasped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The snowy owl clicked her beak and fluttered down onto Harry\rquote s arm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very smart owl you\rquote ve got there,\rdblquote  chuckled Tom. \ldblquote Arrived about five minutes after you did. If there\rquote s anything you need, Mr. Potter, don\rquote t hesitate to ask.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He gave another bow and left.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sat on his bed for a long time, absentmindedly stroking Hedwig. The sky outside the window was changing rapidly from deep, velvety blue to cold, steely gray and then, slowly, to pink shot\lang3081  \lang1033 with gold. Harry could hardly believe that he\rquote d left Privet Drive only a few hours ago, that he wasn\rquote t expelled, and that he was now facing three Dursley-free weeks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s been a very weird night, Hedwig,\rdblquote  he yawned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And without even removing his glasses, he slumped back onto his pillows and fell asleep.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 4\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Leaky Cauldron\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
It took Harry several days to get used to his strange new freedom. Never before had he been able to get up whenever he wanted or eat whatever he fancied. He could even go wherever he pleased, as long as it was in Diagon Alley, and as this long cobbled street was packed with the most fascinating wizarding shops in the world, Harry felt no desire to break his word to Fudge and stray back into the Muggle world.\par
Harry ate breakfast each morning in the Leaky Cauldron, where he liked watching the other guests: funny little witches from the country, up for a day\rquote s shopping; venerable-looking wizards argu\-ing over the latest article in \i Transfiguration Today\i0 ; wild-looking warlocks; raucous dwarfs; and once, what looked suspiciously like a hag, who ordered a plate of raw liver from behind a thick woollen balaclava.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After breakfast Harry would go out into the backyard, take out\lang3081  \lang1033 his wand, tap the third brick from the left above the trash bin, and stand back as the archway into Diagon Alley opened in the wall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry spent the long sunny days exploring the shops and eating under the brightly colored umbrellas outside cafes, where his fellow diners were showing one another their purchases (\lang3081\ldblquote\lang1033 it\rquote s a lunascope, old boy \emdash  no more messing around with moon charts, see?\lang3081\rdblquote\lang1033 ) or else discussing the case of Sirius Black (\lang3081\ldblquote\lang1033 personally, I won\rquote t let any of the children out alone until he\rquote s back in Azkaban\lang3081\rdblquote\lang1033 ). Harry didn\rquote t have to do his homework under the blankets by flashlight any\-more; now he could sit in the bright sunshine outside Florean Fortescue\rquote s Ice Cream Parlor, finishing all his essays with occasional help from Florean Fortescue himself, who, apart from knowing a great deal about medieval witch burnings, gave Harry free sundaes every half an hour.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Once Harry had refilled his money bag with gold Galleons, sil\-ver Sickles, and bronze Knuts from his vault at Gringotts, he had to exercise a lot of self-control not to spend the whole lot at once. He had to keep reminding himself that he had five years to go at Hog\-warts, and how it would feel to ask the Dursleys for money for spellbooks, to stop himself from buying a handsome set of solid gold Gobstones (a wizarding game rather like marbles, in which the stones squirt a nasty-smelling liquid into the other player\rquote s face when they lose a point). He was sorely tempted, too, by the perfect, moving model of the galaxy in a large glass ball, which would have meant he never had to take another Astronomy lesson. But the thing that tested Harry\rquote s resolution most appeared in his favorite shop, Quality Quidditch Supplies, a week after he\rquote d arrived at the Leaky Cauldron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Curious to know what the crowd in the shop was staring at, Harry edged his way inside and squeezed in among the excited witches and wizards until he glimpsed a newly erected podium, on which was mounted the most magnificent broom he had ever seen in his life.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just come out \emdash  prototype \emdash\rdblquote  a square-jawed wizard was telling his companion.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s the fastest broom in the world, isn\rquote t it, Dad?\rdblquote  squeaked a boy younger than Harry, who was swinging off his father\rquote s arm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Irish International Side\rquote s just put in an order for seven of these beauties!\rdblquote  the proprietor of the shop told the crowd. \ldblquote And they\rquote re favorites for the World Cup!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A large witch in front of Harry moved, and he was able to read the sign next to the broom:\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\lang3081 THE FIREBOLT\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\i This state-of-the-art racing broom sports a stream-lined, superfine handle of ash, treated with a diamond-hard polish and hand-numbered with its own registration number. Each individually selected birch twig in the broomtail has been honed to aerodynamic perfection, giving the Firebolt unsurpassable balance and pinpoint precision. The Firebolt has an acceleration of 150 miles an hour in ten seconds and incorporates an unbreakable Braking Charm. Price on request.\par
\i0\par
\lang1033 Price on request \'85 Harry didn\rquote t like to think how much gold the Firebolt would cost. He had never wanted anything as much in his\lang3081  \lang1033 whole life \emdash  but he had never lost a Quidditch match on his Nim\-bus Two Thousand, and what was the point in emptying his Gringotts vault for the Firebolt, when he had a very good broom already? Harry didn\rquote t ask for the price, but he returned, almost every day after that, just to look at the Firebolt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There were, however, things that Harry needed to buy. He went to the Apothecary to replenish his store of potions ingredients, and as his school robes were now several inches too short in the arm and leg, he visited Madam Malkin\rquote s Robes for All Occasions and bought new ones. Most important of all, he had to buy his new schoolbooks, which would include those for his two new subjects, Care of Magical Creatures and Divination.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry got a surprise as he looked in at the bookshop window. Instead of the usual display of gold-embossed spellbooks the size of paving slabs, there was a large iron cage behind the glass that held about a hundred copies of \i The Monster Book of Monsters.\i0  Torn pages were flying everywhere as the books grappled with each other, locked together in furious wrestling matches and snapping aggressively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pulled his booklist out of his pocket and consulted it for the first time. \i The Monster Book of Monsters\i0  was listed as the re\-quired book for Care of Magical Creatures. Now Harry under\-stood why Hagrid had said it would come in useful. He felt relieved; he had been wondering whether Hagrid wanted help with some terrifying new pet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Harry entered Flourish and Blotts, the manager came hurry\-ing toward him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hogwarts?\rdblquote  he said abruptly. \ldblquote Come to get your new books?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote I need \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get out of the way,\rdblquote  said the manager impatiently, brushing Harry aside. He drew on a pair of very thick gloves, picked up a large, knobbly walking stick, and proceeded toward the door of the \i Monster Books\rquote\i0  cage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hang on,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly, \ldblquote I\rquote ve already got one of those.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have you?\rdblquote  A look of enormous relief spread over the manager\rquote s face. \ldblquote Thank heavens for that. I\rquote ve been bitten five times already this morning \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A loud ripping noise rent the air; two of the \i Monster Books\i0  had seized a third and were pulling it apart.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stop it! Stop it!\rdblquote  cried the manager, poking the walking stick through the bars and knocking the books apart. \ldblquote I\rquote m never stocking them again, never! It\rquote s been bedlam! I thought we\rquote d seen the worst when we bought two hundred copies of the \i Invisible Book of Invisi\-bility\i0  \emdash  cost a fortune, and we never found them. \'85 Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 is there anything else I can help you with?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry, looking down his booklist, \ldblquote I need \i Unfogging the Future\i0  by Cassandra Vablatsky.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, starting Divination, are you?\rdblquote  said the manager, stripping off his gloves and leading Harry into the back of the shop, where there was a corner devoted to fortune-telling. A small table was stacked with volumes such as \i Predicting the Unpredictable: Insulate Yourself Against Shocks\i0  and \i Broken Balls: When Fortunes Turn Foul.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here you are,\rdblquote  said the manager, who had climbed a set of steps to take down a thick, black-bound book. \ldblquote\i Unfogging the Future.\i0  Very good guide to all your basic fortune-telling methods \emdash  palm\-istry, crystal balls, bird entrails \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry wasn\rquote t listening. His eyes had fallen on another book,\lang3081  \lang1033 which was among a display on a small table: \i Death Omens: What to Do When You Know the Worst Is Coming.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, I wouldn\rquote t read that if I were you,\rdblquote  said the manager lightly, looking to see what Harry was staring at. \ldblquote You\rquote ll start see\-ing death omens everywhere. It\rquote s enough to frighten anyone to death.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry continued to stare at the front cover of the book; it showed a black dog large as a bear, with gleaming eyes. It looked oddly familiar. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The manager pressed \i Unfogging the Future\i0  into Harry\rquote s hands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anything else?\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry, tearing his eyes away from the dog\rquote s and dazedly consulting his booklist. \ldblquote Er \emdash  I need \i Intermediate Trans\-figuration\i0  and \i The Standard Book of Spells, Grade Three.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry emerged from Flourish and Blotts ten minutes later with his new books under his arms and made his way back to the Leaky Cauldron, hardly noticing where he was going and bumping into several people.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He tramped up the stairs to his room, went inside, and tipped his books onto his bed. Somebody had been in to tidy; the win\-dows were open and sun was pouring inside. Harry could hear the buses rolling by in the unseen Muggle street behind him and the sound of the invisible crowd below in Diagon Alley. He caught sight of himself in the mirror over the basin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It can\rquote t have been a death omen,\rdblquote  he told his reflection defi\-antly. \ldblquote I was panicking when I saw that thing in Magnolia Crescent. \'85 It was probably just a stray dog. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He raised his hand automatically and tried to make his hair lie flat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re fighting a losing battle there, dear,\rdblquote  said his mirror in a wheezy voice.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 As the days slipped by, Harry started looking wherever he went for a sign of Ron or Hermione. Plenty of Hogwarts students were ar\-riving in Diagon Alley now, with the start of term so near. Harry met Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas, his fellow Gryffindors, in Quality Quidditch Supplies, where they too were ogling the Fire\-bolt; he also ran into the real Neville Longbottom, a round-faced, forgetful boy, outside Flourish and Blotts. Harry didn\rquote t stop to chat; Neville appeared to have mislaid his booklist and was being told off by his very formidable-looking grandmother. Harry hoped she never found out that he\rquote d pretended to be Neville while on the run from the Ministry of Magic.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry woke on the last day of the holidays, thinking that he would at least meet Ron and Hermione tomorrow, on the Hog\-warts Express. He got up, dressed, went for a last look at the Fire\-bolt, and was just wondering where he\rquote d have lunch, when someone yelled his name and he turned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry! HARRY!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were there, both of them, sitting outside Florean Fortes\-cue\rquote s Ice Cream Parlor \emdash  Ron looking incredibly freckly Her\-mione very brown, both waving frantically at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Finally!\rdblquote  said Ron, grinning at Harry as he sat down. \ldblquote We went to the Leaky Cauldron, but they said you\rquote d left, and we went to Flourish and Blotts, and Madam Malkin\rquote s, and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I got all my school stuff last week,\rdblquote  Harry explained. \ldblquote And how come you knew I\rquote m staying at the Leaky Cauldron?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dad,\rdblquote  said Ron simply.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley, who worked at the Ministry of Magic, would of course have heard the whole story of what had happened to Aunt Marge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you \i really\i0  blow up your aunt, Harry?\rdblquote  said Hermione in a very serious voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t mean to,\rdblquote  said Harry while Ron roared with laughter. \ldblquote I just \emdash  lost control.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not funny, Ron,\rdblquote  said Hermione sharply. \ldblquote Honestly, I\rquote m amazed Harry wasn\rquote t expelled.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So am I,\rdblquote  admitted Harry. \ldblquote Forget expelled, I thought I was go\-ing to be arrested.\rdblquote  He looked at Ron. \ldblquote Your dad doesn\rquote t know why Fudge let me off, does he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Probably \rquote cause it\rquote s you, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  shrugged Ron, still chuckling. \ldblquote Famous Harry Potter and all that. I\rquote d hate to see what the Min\-istry\rquote d do to \i me\i0  if I blew up an aunt. Mind you, they\rquote d have to dig me up first, because Mum would\rquote ve killed me. Anyway, you can ask Dad yourself this evening. We\rquote re staying at the Leaky Cauldron tonight too! So you can come to King\rquote s Cross with us tomorrow! Hermione\rquote s there as well!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione nodded, beaming. \ldblquote Mum and Dad dropped me off this morning with all my Hogwarts things.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excellent!\rdblquote  said Harry happily. \ldblquote So, have you got all your new books and stuff?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look at this,\rdblquote  said Ron, pulling a long thin box out of a bag and opening it. \ldblquote Brand-new wand. Fourteen inches, willow, con\-taining one unicorn tail-hair. And we\rquote ve got all our books \emdash\rdblquote  He pointed at a large bag under his chair. \ldblquote What about those \i Monster Books,\i0  eh? The assistant nearly cried when we said we wanted two.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s all that, Hermione?\rdblquote  Harry asked, pointing at not one but three bulging bags in the chair next to her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I\rquote m taking more new subjects than you, aren\rquote t I?\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Those are my books for Arithmancy, Care of Magical Creatures, Divination, Study of Ancient Runes, Muggle Studies \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you doing Muggle Studies for?\rdblquote  said Ron, rolling his eyes at Harry. \ldblquote You\rquote re Muggle-born! Your mum and dad are Mug\-gles! You already know all about Muggles!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But it\rquote ll be fascinating to study them from the wizarding point of view,\rdblquote  said Hermione earnestly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you planning to eat or sleep at all this year, Hermione?\rdblquote  asked Harry, while Ron sniggered. Hermione ignored them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve still got ten Galleons,\rdblquote  she said, checking her purse. \ldblquote It\rquote s my birthday in September, and Mum and Dad gave me some money to get myself an early birthday present.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How about a nice \i book\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Ron innocently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I don\rquote t think so,\rdblquote  said Hermione composedly. \ldblquote I really want an owl. I mean, Harry\rquote s got Hedwig and you\rquote ve got Errol \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I haven\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Errol\rquote s a family owl. All I\rquote ve got is Scab\-bers.\rdblquote  He pulled his pet rat out of his pocket. \ldblquote And I want to get him checked over,\rdblquote  he added, placing Scabbers on the table in front of them. \ldblquote I don\rquote t think Egypt agreed with him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Scabbers was looking thinner than usual, and there was a defi\-nite droop to his whiskers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s a magical creature shop just over there,\rdblquote  said Harry, who knew Diagon Alley very well by now. \ldblquote You could see if they\rquote ve got anything for Scabbers, and Hermione can get her owl.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 So they paid for their ice cream and crossed the street to the Magical Menagerie.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There wasn\rquote t much room inside. Every inch of wall was hidden by cages. It was smelly and very noisy because the occupants of these cages were all squeaking, squawking, jabbering, or hissing. The witch behind the counter was already advising a wizard on the care of double-ended newts, so Harry, Ron, and Hermione waited, examining the cages.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A pair of enormous purple toads sat gulping wetly and feasting on dead blowflies. A gigantic tortoise with a jewel-encrusted shell was glittering near the window. Poisonous orange snails were ooz\-ing slowly up the side of their glass tank, and a fat white rabbit kept changing into a silk top hat and back again with a loud popping noise. Then there were cats of every color, a noisy cage of ravens, a basket of funny custard-colored furballs that were humming loudly, and on the counter, a vast cage of sleek black rats that were playing some sort of skipping game using their long, bald tails.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The double-ended newt wizard left, and Ron approached the counter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s my rat,\rdblquote  he told the witch. \ldblquote He been a bit off-color ever since I brought him back from Egypt.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bang him on the counter,\rdblquote  said the witch, pulling a pair of heavy black spectacles out of her pocket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron lifted Scabbers out of his inside pocket and placed him next to the cage of his fellow rats, who stopped their skipping tricks and scuffled to the wire for a better look.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Like nearly everything Ron owned, Scabbers the rat was second\-hand (he had once belonged to Ron\rquote s brother Percy) and a bit\lang3081  \lang1033 battered. Next to the glossy rats in the cage, he looked especially woebegone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hm,\rdblquote  said the witch, picking up Scabbers. \ldblquote How old is this rat?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dunno,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Quite old. He used to belong to my brother.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What powers does he have?\rdblquote  said the witch, examining Scab\-bers closely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash\rdblquote  The truth was that Scabbers had never shown the faintest trace of interesting powers. The witch\rquote s eyes moved from Scabbers\rquote s tattered left ear to his front paw, which had a toe miss\-ing, and tutted loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s been through the mill, this one,\rdblquote  she said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He was like that when Percy gave him to me,\rdblquote  said Ron defen\-sively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote An ordinary common or garden rat like this can\rquote t be expected to live longer than three years or so,\rdblquote  said the witch. \ldblquote Now, if you were looking for something a bit more hard-wearing, you might like one of these \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She indicated the black rats, who promptly started skipping again. Ron muttered, \ldblquote Show-offs.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, if you don\rquote t want a replacement, you can try this rat tonic,\rdblquote  said the witch, reaching under the counter and bringing out a small red bottle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote How much \emdash  OUCH!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron buckled as something huge and orange came soaring from the top of the highest cage, landed on his head, and then propelled itself, spitting madly, at Scabbers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote NO, CROOKSHANKS, NO!\rdblquote  cried the witch, but Scabbers shot from between her hands like a bar of soap, landed splay-legged on the floor, and then scampered for the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Scabbers!\rdblquote  Ron shouted, racing out of the shop after him; Harry followed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It took them nearly ten minutes to catch Scabbers, who had taken refuge under a wastepaper bin outside Quality Quidditch Supplies. Ron stuffed the trembling rat back into his pocket and straightened up, massaging his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What \i was\i0  that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was either a very big cat or quite a small tiger,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote s Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Probably getting her owl \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They made their way back up the crowded street to the Magical Menagerie. As they reached it, Hermione came out, but she wasn\rquote t carrying an owl. Her arms were clamped tightly around the enor\-mous ginger cat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \i bought\i0  that monster?\rdblquote  said Ron, his mouth hanging open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s \i gorgeous,\i0  isn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  said Hermione, glowing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 That was a matter of opinion, thought Harry. The cat\rquote s ginger fur was thick and fluffy, but it was definitely a bit bowlegged and its face looked grumpy and oddly squashed, as though it had run headlong into a brick wall. Now that Scabbers was out of sight, however, the cat was purring contentedly in Hermione\rquote s arms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, that thing nearly scalped me!\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He didn\rquote t mean to, did you, Crookshanks?\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what about Scabbers?\rdblquote  said Ron, pointing at the lump in his chest pocket. \ldblquote He needs rest and relaxation! How\rquote s he going to get it with that thing around?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That reminds me, you forgot your rat tonic,\rdblquote  said Hermione, slapping the small red bottle into Ron\rquote s hand. \ldblquote And stop \i worrying,\i0  Crookshanks will be sleeping in my dormitory and Scabbers in yours, what\rquote s the problem? Poor Crookshanks, that witch said he\rquote d been in there for ages; no one wanted him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wonder why,\rdblquote  said Ron sarcastically as they set off toward the Leaky Cauldron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They found Mr. Weasley sitting in the bar, reading the \i Daily Prophet.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  he said, smiling as he looked up. \ldblquote How are you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine, thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry as he, Ron, and Hermione joined Mr. Weasley with all their shopping.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley put down his paper, and Harry saw the now famil\-iar picture of Sirius Black staring up at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They still haven\rquote t caught him, then?\rdblquote  he asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, looking extremely grave. \ldblquote They\rquote ve pulled us all off our regular jobs at the Ministry to try and find him, but no luck so far.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Would we get a reward if we caught him?\rdblquote  asked Ron. \ldblquote It\rquote d be good to get some more money \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be ridiculous, Ron,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, who on closer in\-spection looked very strained. \ldblquote Black\rquote s not going to be caught by a thirteen-year-old wizard. It\rquote s the Azkaban guards who\rquote ll get him back, you mark my words.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At that moment Mrs. Weasley entered the bar, laden with shop\-ping bags and followed by the twins, Fred and George, who were about to start their fifth year at Hogwarts; the newly elected Head Boy, Percy; and the Weasleys\rquote  youngest child and only girl, Ginny.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny, who had always been very taken with Harry, seemed even more heartily embarrassed than usual when she saw him, per\-haps because he had saved her life during their previous year at Hogwarts. She went very red and muttered \ldblquote hello\rdblquote  without look\-ing at him. Percy, however, held out his hand solemnly as though he and Harry had never met and said, \ldblquote Harry. How nice to see you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hello, Percy,\rdblquote  said Harry, trying not to laugh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I hope you\rquote re well?\rdblquote  said Percy pompously, shaking hands. It was rather like being introduced to the mayor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well, thanks \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  said Fred, elbowing Percy out of the way and bowing deeply. \ldblquote Simply \i splendid\i0  to see you, old boy \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Marvelous,\rdblquote  said George, pushing Fred aside and seizing Harry\rquote s hand in turn. \ldblquote Absolutely spiffing.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Percy scowled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s enough, now,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mum!\rdblquote  said Fred as though he\rquote d only just spotted her and seiz\-ing her hand too. \ldblquote How really corking to see you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I said, that\rquote s enough,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, depositing her shop\-ping in an empty chair. \ldblquote Hello, Harry, dear. I suppose you\rquote ve heard our exciting news?\rdblquote  She pointed to the brand-new silver badge on Percy\rquote s chest. \ldblquote Second Head Boy in the family!\rdblquote  she said, swelling with pride.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And last,\rdblquote  Fred muttered under his breath.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t doubt that,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley, frowning suddenly. \ldblquote I notice they haven\rquote t made you two prefects.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do we want to be prefects for?\rdblquote  said George, looking re\-volted at the very idea. \ldblquote It\rquote d take all the fun out of life.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny giggled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You want to set a better example for your sister!\rdblquote  snapped Mrs. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ginny\rquote s got other brothers to set her an example, Mother,\rdblquote  said Percy loftily. \ldblquote I\rquote m going up to change for dinner. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He disappeared and George heaved a sigh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We tried to shut him in a pyramid,\rdblquote  he told Harry. \ldblquote But Mum spotted us.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Dinner that night was a very enjoyable affair. Tom the innkeeper put three tables together in the parlor, and the seven Weasleys, Harry, and Hermione ate their way through five delicious courses.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How\rquote re we getting to King\rquote s Cross tomorrow, Dad?\rdblquote  asked Fred as they dug into a sumptuous chocolate pudding.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Ministry\rquote s providing a couple of cars,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Everyone looked up at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote  said Percy curiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s because of you, Perce,\rdblquote  said George seriously. \ldblquote And there\rquote ll be little flags on the hoods, with HB on them \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  for Humongous Bighead,\rdblquote  said Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Everyone except Percy and Mrs. Weasley snorted into their pud\-ding.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why are the Ministry providing cars, Father?\rdblquote  Percy asked again, in a dignified voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, as we haven\rquote t got one anymore,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, \ldblquote\emdash  and as I work there, they\rquote re doing me a favor \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His voice was casual, but Harry couldn\rquote t help noticing that Mr. Weasley\rquote s ears had gone red, just like Ron\rquote s did when he was under pressure.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good thing, too,\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley briskly. \ldblquote Do you realize how much luggage you\rquote ve all got between you? A nice sight you\rquote d be on the Muggle Underground. \'85 You are all packed, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron hasn\rquote t put all his new things in his trunk yet,\rdblquote  said Percy, in a long-suffering voice. \ldblquote He\rquote s dumped them on my bed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote d better go and pack properly, Ron, because we won\rquote t have much time in the morning,\rdblquote  Mrs. Weasley called down the table. Ron scowled at Percy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After dinner everyone felt very full and sleepy. One by one they made their way upstairs to their rooms to check their things for the next day. Ron and Percy were next door to Harry. He had just closed and locked his own trunk when he heard angry voices through the wall, and went to see what was going on.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door of number twelve was ajar and Percy was shouting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was \i here,\i0  on the bedside table, I took it off for polishing \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I haven\rquote t touched it, all right?\rdblquote  Ron roared back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s up?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My Head Boy badge is gone,\rdblquote  said Percy, rounding on Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So\rquote s Scabbers\rquote s rat tonic,\rdblquote  said Ron, throwing things out of his trunk to look. \ldblquote I think I might\rquote ve left it in the bar \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re not going anywhere till you\rquote ve found my badge!\rdblquote  yelled Percy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll get Scabbers\rquote s stuff, I\rquote m packed,\rdblquote  Harry said to Ron, and he went downstairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was halfway along the passage to the bar, which was now very dark, when he heard another pair of angry voices coming from the parlor. A second later, he recognized them as Mr. and Mrs.\lang3081  \lang1033 Weasleys\rquote . He hesitated, not wanting them to know he\rquote d heard them arguing, when the sound of his own name made him stop, then move closer to the parlor door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 makes no sense not to tell him,\rdblquote  Mr. Weasley was saying heatedly. \ldblquote Harry\rquote s got a right to know. I\rquote ve tried to tell Fudge, but he insists on treating Harry like a child. He\rquote s thirteen years old and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Arthur, the truth would terrify him!\rdblquote  said Mrs. Weasley shrilly. \ldblquote Do you really want to send Harry back to school with that hang\-ing over him? For heaven\rquote s sake, he\rquote s \i happy\i0  not knowing!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t want to make him miserable, I want to put him on his guard!\rdblquote  retorted Mr. Weasley. \ldblquote You know what Harry and Ron are like, wandering off by themselves \emdash  they\rquote ve even ended up in the Forbidden Forest! But Harry mustn\rquote t do that this year! When I think what could have happened to him that night he ran away from home! If the Knight Bus hadn\rquote t picked him up, I\rquote m prepared to bet he would have been dead before the Ministry found him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But he\rquote s \i not \i0 dead, he\rquote s fine, so what\rquote s the point \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Molly, they say Sirius Black\rquote s mad, and maybe he is, but he was clever enough to escape from Azkaban, and that\rquote s supposed to be impossible. It\rquote s been a month, and no one\rquote s seen hide nor hair of him, and I don\rquote t care what Fudge keeps telling the \i Daily Prophet,\i0  we\rquote re no nearer catching Black than inventing self-spelling wands. The only thing we know for sure is what Black\rquote s after \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Harry will be perfectly safe at Hogwarts.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We thought Azkaban was perfectly safe. If Black can break out of Azkaban, he can break into Hogwarts.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But no one\rquote s really sure that Black\rquote s after Harry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a thud on wood, and Harry was sure Mr. Weasley had banged his fist on the table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Molly, how many times do I have to tell you? They didn\rquote t report it in the press because Fudge wanted it kept quiet, but Fudge went out to Azkaban the night Black escaped. The guards told Fudge that Black\rquote s been talking in his sleep for a while now. Always the same words: \lang3081\lquote\lang1033 He\lang3081\rquote\lang1033 s at Hogwarts \'85 he\lang3081\rquote\lang1033 s at Hogwarts.\lang3081\rquote\lang1033  Black is de\-ranged, Molly, and he wants Harry dead. If you ask me, he thinks murdering Harry will bring You-Know-Who back to power. Black lost everything the night Harry stopped You-Know-Who, and he\rquote s had twelve years alone in Azkaban to brood on that. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a silence. Harry leaned still closer to the door, desper\-ate to hear more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Arthur, you must do what you think is right. But you\rquote re forgetting Albus Dumbledore. I don\rquote t think anything could hurt Harry at Hogwarts while Dumbledore\rquote s headmaster. I suppose he knows about all this?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course he knows. We had to ask him if he minds the Azka\-ban guards stationing themselves around the entrances to the school grounds. He wasn\rquote t happy about it, but he agreed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not happy? Why shouldn\rquote t he be happy, if they\rquote re there to catch Black?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore isn\rquote t fond of the Azkaban guards,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley heavily. \ldblquote Nor am I, if it comes to that \'85 but when you\rquote re dealing with a wizard like Black, you sometimes have to join forces with those you\rquote d rather avoid.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If they save Harry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  then I will never say another word against them,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley wearily. \ldblquote It\rquote s late, Molly, we\rquote d better go up. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry heard chairs move. As quietly as he could, he hurried down the passage to the bar and out of sight. The parlor door opened, and a few seconds later footsteps told him that Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were climbing the stairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The bottle of rat tonic was lying under the table they had sat at earlier. Harry waited until he heard Mr. and Mrs. Weasley\rquote s bed\-room door close, then headed back upstairs with the bottle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred and George were crouching in the shadows on the landing, heaving with laughter as they listened to Percy dismantling his and Ron\rquote s room in search of his badge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve got it,\rdblquote  Fred whispered to Harry. \ldblquote We\rquote ve been improv\-ing it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The badge now read \i Bighead Boy.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 Harry forced a laugh, went to give Ron the rat tonic, then shut himself in his room and lay down on his bed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 So Sirius Black was after him. This explained everything. Fudge had been lenient with him because he was so relieved to find him alive. He\rquote d made Harry promise to stay in Diagon Alley where there were plenty of wizards to keep an eye on him. And he was sending two Ministry cars to take them all to the station tomorrow, so that the Weasleys could look after Harry until he was on the train.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry lay listening to the muffled shouting next door and won\-dered why he didn\rquote t feel more scared. Sirius Black had murdered thirteen people with one curse; Mr. and Mrs. Weasley obviously thought Harry would be panic-stricken if he knew the truth. But Harry happened to agree wholeheartedly with Mrs. Weasley that the safest place on earth was wherever Albus Dumbledore hap\-pened to be. Didn\rquote t people always say that Dumbledore was the\lang3081  \lang1033 only person Lord Voldemort had ever been afraid of? Surely Black, as Voldemort\rquote s right-hand man, would be just as frightened of him?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then there were these Azkaban guards everyone kept talking about. They seemed to scare most people senseless, and if they were stationed all around the school, Black\rquote s chances of getting inside seemed very remote.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 No, all in all, the thing that bothered Harry most was the fact that his chances of visiting Hogsmeade now looked like zero. No\-body would want Harry to leave the safety of the castle until Black was caught; in fact, Harry suspected his every move would be care\-fully watched until the danger had passed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He scowled at the dark ceiling. Did they think he couldn\rquote t look after himself? He\rquote d escaped Lord Voldemort three times; he wasn\rquote t completely useless. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Unbidden, the image of the beast in the shadows of Magnolia Crescent crossed his mind. \i What to do when you know the worst is coming. \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m \i not\i0  going to be murdered,\rdblquote  Harry said out loud.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s the spirit, dear,\rdblquote  said his mirror sleepily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 5\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Dementor\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Tom woke Harry the next morning with his usual toothless grin and a cup of tea. Harry got dressed and was just per\-suading a disgruntled Hedwig to get back into her cage when Ron banged his way into the room, pulling a sweatshirt over his head and looking irritable.\par
\ldblquote The sooner we get on the train, the better,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote At least I can get away from Percy at Hogwarts. Now he\rquote s accusing me of dripping tea on his photo of Penelope Clearwater. You know,\rdblquote  Ron grimaced, \ldblquote his \i girlfriend.\i0  She\rquote s hidden her face under the frame be\-cause her nose has gone all blotchy. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve got something to tell you,\rdblquote  Harry began, but they were in\-terrupted by Fred and George, who had looked in to congratulate Ron on infuriating Percy again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They headed down to breakfast, where Mr. Weasley was reading the front page of the \i Daily Prophet\i0  with a furrowed brow and Mrs.\lang3081  \lang1033 Weasley was telling Hermione and Ginny about a love potion she\rquote d made as a young girl. All three of them were rather giggly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What were you saying?\rdblquote  Ron asked Harry as they sat down.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Later,\rdblquote  Harry muttered as Percy stormed in.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had no chance to speak to Ron or Hermione in the chaos of leaving; they were too busy heaving all their trunks down the Leaky Cauldron\rquote s narrow staircase and piling them up near the door, with Hedwig and Hermes, Percy\rquote s screech owl, perched on top in their cages. A small wickerwork basket stood beside the heap of trunks, spitting loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s all right, Crookshanks,\rdblquote  Hermione cooed through the wicker\-work. \ldblquote I\rquote ll let you out on the train.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You won\rquote t,\rdblquote  snapped Ron. \ldblquote What about poor Scabbers, eh?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pointed at his chest, where a large lump indicated that Scab\-bers was curled up in his pocket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley, who had been outside waiting for the Ministry cars, stuck his head inside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re here,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Harry, come on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley marched Harry across the short stretch of pave\-ment toward the first of two old-fashioned dark green cars, each of which was driven by a furtive-looking wizard wearing a suit of emerald velvet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In you get, Harry,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, glancing up and down the crowded street.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry got into the back of the car and was shortly joined by Hermione, Ron, and, to Ron\rquote s disgust, Percy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The journey to King\rquote s Cross was very uneventful compared with Harry\rquote s trip on the Knight Bus. The Ministry of Magic cars seemed\lang3081  \lang1033 almost ordinary, though Harry noticed that they could slide through gaps that Uncle Vernon\rquote s new company car certainly couldn\rquote t have managed. They reached King\rquote s Cross with twenty minutes to spare; the Ministry drivers found them trolleys, un\-loaded their trunks, touched their hats in salute to Mr. Weasley, and drove away, somehow managing to jump to the head of an un\-moving line at the traffic lights.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley kept close to Harry\rquote s elbow all the way into the station.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right then,\rdblquote  he said, glancing around them. \ldblquote Let\rquote s do this in pairs, as there are so many of us. I\rquote ll go through first with Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley strolled toward the barrier between platforms nine and ten, pushing Harry\rquote s trolley and apparently very interested in the InterCity 125 that had just arrived at platform nine. With a meaningful look at Harry, he leaned casually against the barrier. Harry imitated him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In a moment, they had fallen sideways through the solid metal onto platform nine and three-quarters and looked up to see the Hogwarts Express, a scarlet steam engine, puffing smoke over a platform packed with witches and wizards seeing their children onto the train.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Percy and Ginny suddenly appeared behind Harry. They were panting and had apparently taken the barrier at a run.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, there\rquote s Penelope!\rdblquote  said Percy, smoothing his hair and going pink again. Ginny caught Harry\rquote s eye, and they both turned away to hide their laughter as Percy strode over to a girl with long, curly hair, walking with his chest thrown out so that she couldn\rquote t miss his shiny badge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Once the remaining Weasleys and Hermione had joined them, Harry and Ron led the way to the end of the train, past packed compartments, to a carriage that looked quite empty. They loaded the trunks onto it, stowed Hedwig and Crookshanks in the luggage rack, then went back outside to say good-bye to Mr. and Mrs. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mrs. Weasley kissed all her children, then Hermione, and finally, Harry. He was embarrassed, but really quite pleased, when she gave him an extra hug.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do take care, won\rquote t you, Harry?\rdblquote  she said as she straightened up, her eyes oddly bright. Then she opened her enormous handbag and said, \ldblquote I\rquote ve made you all sandwiches. \'85 Here you are, Ron \'85 no, they\rquote re not corned beef. \'85 Fred? Where\rquote s Fred? Here you are, dear. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley quietly, \ldblquote come over here a mo\-ment.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He jerked his head toward a pillar, and Harry followed him be\-hind it, leaving the others crowded around Mrs. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s something I\rquote ve got to tell you before you leave \emdash\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, in a tense voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s all right, Mr. Weasley,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I already know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know? How could you know?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  er \emdash  I heard you and Mrs. Weasley talking last night. I couldn\rquote t help hearing,\rdblquote  Harry added quickly. \ldblquote Sorry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s not the way I\rquote d have chosen for you to find out,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, looking anxious.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  honestly, it\rquote s okay. This way, you haven\rquote t broken your word to Fudge and I know what\rquote s going on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, you must be very scared \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not,\rdblquote  said Harry sincerely. \ldblquote\i Really,\i0\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 he added, because Mr. Weasley was looking disbelieving. \ldblquote I\rquote m not trying to be a hero, but seriously, Sirius Black can\rquote t be worse than Voldemort, can he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Mr. Weasley flinched at the sound of the name but over\-looked it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I knew you were, well, made of stronger stuff than Fudge seems to think, and I\rquote m obviously pleased that you\rquote re not scared, but \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Arthur!\rdblquote  called Mrs. Weasley, who was now shepherding the rest onto the train. \ldblquote Arthur, what are you doing? It\rquote s about to go!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s coming, Molly!\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley but he turned back to Harry and kept talking in a lower and more hurried voice. \ldblquote Listen, I want you to give me your word \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  that I\rquote ll be a good boy and stay in the castle?\rdblquote  said Harry gloomily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not entirely,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, who looked more serious than Harry had ever seen him. \ldblquote Harry, swear to me you won\rquote t go \i looking \i0 for Black.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared. \ldblquote What?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a loud whistle. Guards were walking along the train, slamming all the doors shut.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Promise me, Harry,\rdblquote  said Mr. Weasley, talking more quickly still, \ldblquote that whatever happens \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why would I go looking for someone I know wants to kill me?\rdblquote  said Harry blankly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Swear to me that whatever you might hear \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Arthur, quickly!\rdblquote  cried Mrs. Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Steam was billowing from the train; it had started to move. Harry ran to the compartment door and Ron threw it open and\lang3081  \lang1033 stood back to let him on. They leaned out of the window and waved at Mr. and Mrs. Weasley until the train turned a corner and blocked them from view.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I need to talk to you in private,\rdblquote  Harry muttered to Ron and Hermione as the train picked up speed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Go away, Ginny,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, that\rquote s nice,\rdblquote  said Ginny huffily, and she stalked off.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione set off down the corridor, looking for an empty compartment, but all were full except for the one at the very end of the train.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This had only one occupant, a man sitting fast asleep next to the window. Harry, Ron, and Hermione checked on the threshold. The Hogwarts Express was usually reserved for students and they had never seen an adult there before, except for the witch who pushed the food cart.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The stranger was wearing an extremely shabby set of wizard\rquote s robes that had been darned in several places. He looked ill and ex\-hausted. Though quite young, his light brown hair was flecked with gray.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who d\rquote you reckon he is?\rdblquote  Ron hissed as they sat down and slid the door shut, taking the seats farthest away from the window.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor R. J. Lupin,\rdblquote  whispered Hermione at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How d\rquote you know that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s on his case,\rdblquote  she replied, pointing at the luggage rack over the man\rquote s head, where there was a small, battered case held to\-gether with a large quantity of neatly knotted string. The name \i Professor R. J. Lupin\i0  was stamped across one corner in peeling letters.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wonder what he teaches?\rdblquote  said Ron, frowning at Professor Lupin\rquote s pallid profile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s obvious,\rdblquote  whispered Hermione. \ldblquote There\rquote s only one va\-cancy, isn\rquote t there? Defense Against the Dark Arts.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione had already had two Defense Against the Dark Arts teachers, both of whom had lasted only one year. There were rumors that the job was jinxed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I hope he\rquote s up to it,\rdblquote  said Ron doubtfully. \ldblquote He looks like one good hex would finish him off, doesn\rquote t he? Anyway\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  He turned to Harry. \ldblquote What were you going to tell us?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry explained all about Mr. and Mrs. Weasley\rquote s argument and the warning Mr. Weasley had just given him. When he\rquote d finished, Ron looked thunderstruck, and Hermione had her hands over her mouth. She finally lowered them to say, \ldblquote Sirius Black escaped to come after \i you\i0 ? Oh, Harry \'85 you\rquote ll have to be really, really care\-ful. Don\rquote t go looking for trouble, Harry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t go looking for trouble,\rdblquote  said Harry, nettled. \ldblquote Trouble usually finds \i me.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How thick would Harry have to be, to go looking for a nutter who wants to kill him?\rdblquote  said Ron shakily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were taking the news worse than Harry had expected. Both Ron and Hermione seemed to be much more frightened of Black than he was.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No one knows how he got out of Azkaban,\rdblquote  said Ron uncom\-fortably. \ldblquote No one\rquote s ever done it before. And he was a top-security prisoner too.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But they\rquote ll catch him, won\rquote t they?\rdblquote  said Hermione earnestly. \ldblquote I mean, they\rquote ve got all the Muggles looking out for him too. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s that noise?\rdblquote  said Ron suddenly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A faint, tinny sort of whistle was coming from somewhere. They looked all around the compartment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s coming from your trunk, Harry,\rdblquote  said Ron, standing up and reaching into the luggage rack. A moment later he had pulled the Pocket Sneakoscope out from between Harry\rquote s robes. It was spin\-ning very fast in the palm of Ron\rquote s hand and glowing brilliantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is that a \i Sneakoscope\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Hermione interestedly, standing up for a better look.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 mind you, it\rquote s a very cheap one,\rdblquote  Ron said. \ldblquote It went haywire just as I was tying it to Errol\rquote s leg to send it to Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Were you doing anything untrustworthy at the time?\rdblquote  said Hermione shrewdly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No! Well \'85 I wasn\rquote t supposed to be using Errol. You know he\rquote s not really up to long journeys \'85 but how else was I supposed to get Harry\rquote s present to him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stick it back in the trunk,\rdblquote  Harry advised as the Sneakoscope whistled piercingly, \ldblquote or it\rquote ll wake him up.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He nodded toward Professor Lupin. Ron stuffed the Sneako\-scope into a particularly horrible pair of Uncle Vernon\rquote s old socks, which deadened the sound, then closed the lid of the trunk on it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We could get it checked in Hogsmeade,\rdblquote  said Ron, sitting back down. \ldblquote They sell that sort of thing in Dervish and Banges, magical instruments and stuff. Fred and George told me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you know much about Hogsmeade?\rdblquote  asked Hermione keenly. \ldblquote I\rquote ve read it\rquote s the only entirely non-Muggle settlement in Britain \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I think it is,\rdblquote  said Ron in an offhand sort of way,\lang3081  \lang1033\ldblquote but that\rquote s not why I want to go. I just want to get inside Honey\-dukes!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s that?\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s this sweetshop,\rdblquote  said Ron, a dreamy look coming over his face, \ldblquote where they\rquote ve got \i everything. \'85\i0  Pepper Imps \emdash  they make you smoke at the mouth \emdash  and great fat Chocoballs full of straw\-berry mousse and clotted cream, and really excellent sugar quills, which you can suck in class and just look like you\rquote re thinking what to write next \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Hogsmeade\rquote s a very interesting place, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  Hermione pressed on eagerly. \ldblquote In \i Sites of Historical Sorcery\i0  it says the inn was the headquarters for the 1612 goblin rebellion, and the Shrieking Shack\rquote s supposed to be the most severely haunted building in Britain \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and massive sherbet balls that make you levitate a few inches off the ground while you\rquote re sucking them,\rdblquote  said Ron, who was plainly not listening to a word Hermione was saying.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked around at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Won\rquote t it be nice to get out of school for a bit and explore Hogsmeade?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Spect it will,\rdblquote  said Harry heavily. \ldblquote You\rquote ll have to tell me when you\rquote ve found out.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t go. The Dursleys didn\rquote t sign my permission form, and Fudge wouldn\rquote t either.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron looked horrified.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i You\rquote re not allowed to come\i0 ? But \emdash  no way \emdash  McGonagall or someone will give you permission \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry gave a hollow laugh. Professor McGonagall, head of Gryffindor House, was very strict.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  or we can ask Fred and George, they know every secret pas\-sage out of the castle \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron!\rdblquote  said Hermione sharply. \ldblquote I don\rquote t think Harry should be sneaking out of school with Black on the loose \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I expect that\rquote s what McGonagall will say when I ask for permission,\rdblquote  said Harry bitterly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But if \i we\rquote re\i0  with him,\rdblquote  said Ron spiritedly to Hermione, \ldblquote Black wouldn\rquote t dare \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, Ron, don\rquote t talk rubbish,\rdblquote  snapped Hermione. \ldblquote Black\rquote s al\-ready murdered a whole bunch of people in the middle of a crowded street. Do you really think he\rquote s going to worry about at\-tacking Harry just because \i we\rquote re\i0  there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was fumbling with the straps of Crookshanks\rquote s basket as she spoke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t let that thing out!\rdblquote  Ron said, but too late; Crookshanks leapt lightly from the basket, stretched, yawned, and sprang onto Ron\rquote s knees; the lump in Ron\rquote s pocket trembled and he shoved Crookshanks angrily away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get out of here!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, don\rquote t!\rdblquote  said Hermione angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron was about to answer back when Professor Lupin stirred. They watched him apprehensively, but he simply turned his head the other way, mouth slightly open, and slept on.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Hogwarts Express moved steadily north and the scenery outside the window became wilder and darker while the clouds overhead thickened. People were chasing backward and forward past the door of their compartment. Crookshanks had now settled\lang3081  \lang1033 in an empty seat, his squashed face turned toward Ron, his yellow eyes on Ron\rquote s top pocket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At one o\rquote clock, the plump witch with the food cart arrived at the compartment door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote D\rquote you think we should wake him up?\rdblquote  Ron asked awkwardly, nodding toward Professor Lupin. \ldblquote He looks like he could do with some food.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione approached Professor Lupin cautiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  Professor?\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote Excuse me \emdash  Professor?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He didn\rquote t move.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t worry, dear,\rdblquote  said the witch as she handed Harry a large stack of Cauldron Cakes. \ldblquote If he\rquote s hungry when he wakes, I\rquote ll be up front with the driver.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I suppose he \i is\i0  asleep?\rdblquote  said Ron quietly as the witch slid the compartment door closed. \ldblquote I mean \emdash  he hasn\rquote t died, has he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, no, he\rquote s breathing,\rdblquote  whispered Hermione, taking the Caul\-dron Cake Harry passed her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He might not be very good company, but Professor Lupin\rquote s pres\-ence in their compartment had its uses. Midafternoon, just as it had started to rain, blurring the rolling hills outside the window, they heard footsteps in the corridor again, and their three least fa\-vorite people appeared at the door: Draco Malfoy, flanked by his cronies, Vincent Crabbe and Gregory Goyle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Draco Malfoy and Harry had been enemies ever since they had met on their very first train journey to Hogwarts. Malfoy, who had a pale, pointed, sneering face, was in Slytherin House; he played Seeker on the Slytherin Quidditch team, the same position that Harry played on the Gryffindor team. Crabbe and Goyle seemed to exist to do Malfoy\rquote s bidding. They were both wide and\lang3081  \lang1033 musclely; Crabbe was taller, with a pudding-bowl haircut and a very thick neck; Goyle had short, bristly hair and long, gorilla-ish arms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, look who it is,\rdblquote  said Malfoy in his usual lazy drawl, pulling open the compartment door. \ldblquote Potty and the Weasel.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Crabbe and Goyle chuckled trollishly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I heard your father finally got his hands on some gold this sum\-mer, Weasley,\rdblquote  said Malfoy. \ldblquote Did your mother die of shock?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron stood up so quickly he knocked Crookshanks\rquote s basket to the floor. Professor Lupin gave a snort.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who\rquote s that?\rdblquote  said Malfoy, taking an automatic step backward as he spotted Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote New teacher,\rdblquote  said Harry, who got to his feet, too, in case he needed to hold Ron back. \ldblquote What were you saying, Malfoy?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy\rquote s pale eyes narrowed; he wasn\rquote t fool enough to pick a fight right under a teacher\rquote s nose.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote C\rquote mon,\rdblquote  he muttered resentfully to Crabbe and Goyle, and they disappeared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron sat down again, Ron massaging his knuckles.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not going to take any crap from Malfoy this year,\rdblquote  he said angrily. \ldblquote I mean it. If he makes one more crack about my family, I\rquote m going to get hold of his head and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron made a violent gesture in midair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron,\rdblquote  hissed Hermione, pointing at Professor Lupin, \ldblquote be \i care\-ful\i0  \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Professor Lupin was still fast asleep.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The rain thickened as the train sped yet farther north; the windows were now a solid, shimmering gray, which gradually\lang3081  \lang1033 darkened until lanterns flickered into life all along the corridors and over the luggage racks. The train rattled, the rain hammered, the wind roared, but still, Professor Lupin slept.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We must be nearly there,\rdblquote  said Ron, leaning forward to look past Professor Lupin at the now completely black window.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The words had hardly left him when the train started to slow down.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Great,\rdblquote  said Ron, getting up and walking carefully past Profes\-sor Lupin to try and see outside. \ldblquote I\rquote m starving. I want to get to the feast. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We can\rquote t be there yet,\rdblquote  said Hermione, checking her watch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So why\rquote re we stopping?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The train was getting slower and slower. As the noise of the pis\-tons fell away, the wind and rain sounded louder than ever against the windows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, who was nearest the door, got up to look into the corri\-dor. All along the carriage, heads were sticking curiously out of their compartments.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The train came to a stop with a jolt, and distant thuds and bangs told them that luggage had fallen out of the racks. Then, without warning, all the lamps went out and they were plunged into total darkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s going on?\rdblquote  said Ron\rquote s voice from behind Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ouch!\rdblquote  gasped Hermione. \ldblquote Ron, that was my foot!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt his way back to his seat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote D\rquote you think we\rquote ve broken down?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dunno \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a squeaking sound, and Harry saw the dim black\lang3081  \lang1033 outline of Ron, wiping a patch clean on the window and peer\-ing out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s something moving out there,\rdblquote  Ron said. \ldblquote I think people are coming aboard. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The compartment door suddenly opened and someone fell painfully over Harry\rquote s legs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry \emdash  d\rquote you know what\rquote s going on? \emdash  Ouch \emdash  sorry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hullo, Neville,\rdblquote  said Harry, feeling around in the dark and pulling Neville up by his cloak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry? Is that you? What\rquote s happening?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No idea \emdash  sit down \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a loud hissing and a yelp of pain; Neville had tried to sit on Crookshanks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m going to go and ask the driver what\rquote s going on,\rdblquote  came Hermione\rquote s voice. Harry felt her pass him, heard the door slide open again, and then a thud and two loud squeals of pain.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who\rquote s that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who\rquote s \i that\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ginny?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you doing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was looking for Ron \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come in and sit down \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not here!\rdblquote  said Harry hurriedly. \ldblquote\i I\rquote m\i0  here!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ouch!\rdblquote  said Neville.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Quiet!\rdblquote  said a hoarse voice suddenly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Lupin appeared to have woken up at last. Harry could hear movements in his corner. None of them spoke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a soft, crackling noise, and a shivering light filled the compartment. Professor Lupin appeared to be holding a handful of flames. They illuminated his tired, gray face, but his eyes looked alert and wary.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stay where you are,\rdblquote  he said in the same hoarse voice, and he got slowly to his feet with his handful of fire held out in front of him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the door slid slowly open before Lupin could reach it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Standing in the doorway, illuminated by the shivering flames in Lupin\rquote s hand, was a cloaked figure that towered to the ceiling. Its face was completely hidden beneath its hood. Harry\rquote s eyes darted downward, and what he saw made his stomach contract. There was a hand protruding from the cloak and it was glistening, grayish, slimy-looking, and scabbed, like something dead that had decayed in water. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But it was visible only for a split second. As though the creature beneath the cloak sensed Harry\rquote s gaze, the hand was suddenly with\-drawn into the folds of its black cloak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then the thing beneath the hood, whatever it was, drew a long, slow, rattling breath, as though it were trying to suck some\-thing more than air from its surroundings.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 An intense cold swept over them all. Harry felt his own breath catch in his chest. The cold went deeper than his skin. It was inside his chest, it was inside his very heart. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s eyes rolled up into his head. He couldn\rquote t see. He was drowning in cold. There was a rushing in his ears as though of water. He was being dragged downward, the roaring growing louder \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then, from far away, he heard screaming, terrible, terrified, pleading screams. He wanted to help whoever it was, he tried to move his arms, but couldn\rquote t\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 a thick white fog was swirling around him, inside him \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry! Harry! Are you all right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Someone was slapping his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote W \emdash  what?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry opened his eyes; there were lanterns above him, and the floor was shaking \emdash  the Hogwarts Express was moving again and the lights had come back on. He seemed to have slid out of his seat onto the floor. Ron and Hermione were kneeling next to him, and above them he could see Neville and Professor Lupin watching. Harry felt very sick; when he put up his hand to push his glasses back on, he felt cold sweat on his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione heaved him back onto his seat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you okay?\rdblquote  Ron asked nervously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, looking quickly toward the door. The hooded creature had vanished. \ldblquote What happened? Where\rquote s that \emdash  that thing? Who screamed?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No one screamed,\rdblquote  said Ron, more nervously still.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked around the bright compartment. Ginny and Neville looked back at him, both very pale.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I heard screaming \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A loud snap made them all jump. Professor Lupin was breaking an enormous slab of chocolate into pieces.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here,\rdblquote  he said to Harry, handing him a particularly large piece. \ldblquote Eat it. It\rquote ll help.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry took the chocolate but didn\rquote t eat it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What was that thing?\rdblquote  he asked Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A dementor,\rdblquote  said Lupin, who was now giving chocolate to everyone else. \ldblquote One of the dementors of Azkaban.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Everyone stared at him. Professor Lupin crumpled up the empty chocolate wrapper and put it in his pocket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Eat,\rdblquote  he repeated. \ldblquote It\rquote ll help. I need to speak to the driver, ex\-cuse me \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He strolled past Harry and disappeared into the corridor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you sure you\rquote re okay, Harry?\rdblquote  said Hermione, watching Harry anxiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t get it. \'85 What happened?\rdblquote  said Harry, wiping more sweat off his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well \emdash  that thing \emdash  the dementor \emdash  stood there and looked around (I mean, I think it did, I couldn\rquote t see its face) \emdash  and you \emdash  you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought you were having a fit or something,\rdblquote  said Ron, who still looked scared. \ldblquote You went sort of rigid and fell out of your seat and started twitching \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And Professor Lupin stepped over you, and walked toward the dementor, and pulled out his wand,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote and he said, \lang3081\lquote\lang1033 None of us is hiding Sirius Black under our cloaks. Go.\lang3081\rquote\lang1033  But the dementor didn\rquote t move, so Lupin muttered something, and a silvery thing shot out of his wand at it, and it turned around and sort of glided away. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was horrible,\rdblquote  said Neville, in a higher voice than usual. \ldblquote Did you feel how cold it got when it came in?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I felt weird,\rdblquote  said Ron, shifting his shoulders uncomfortably. \ldblquote Like I\rquote d never be cheerful again. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ginny, who was huddled in her corner looking nearly as bad as Harry felt, gave a small sob; Hermione went over and put a com\-forting arm around her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But didn\rquote t any of you \emdash  fall off your seats?\rdblquote  said Harry awk\-wardly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking anxiously at Harry again. \ldblquote Ginny was shaking like mad, though. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry didn\rquote t understand. He felt weak and shivery, as though he were recovering from a bad bout of flu; he also felt the beginnings of shame. Why had he gone to pieces like that, when no one else had?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Lupin had come back. He paused as he entered, looked around, and said, with a small smile, \ldblquote I haven\rquote t poisoned that chocolate, you know. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry took a bite and to his great surprise felt warmth spread suddenly to the tips of his fingers and toes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll be at Hogwarts in ten minutes,\rdblquote  said Professor Lupin. \ldblquote Are you all right, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry didn\rquote t ask how Professor Lupin knew his name.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine,\rdblquote  he muttered, embarrassed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They didn\rquote t talk much during the remainder of the journey. At long last, the train stopped at Hogsmeade station, and there was a great scramble to get outside; owls hooted, cats meowed, and Neville\rquote s pet toad croaked loudly from under his hat. It was freez\-ing on the tiny platform; rain was driving down in icy sheets.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Firs\rquote  years this way!\rdblquote  called a familiar voice. Harry, Ron, and Hermione turned and saw the gigantic outline of Hagrid at the other end of the platform, beckoning the terrified-looking new stu\-dents forward for their traditional journey across the lake.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All righ\rquote , you three?\rdblquote  Hagrid yelled over the heads of the crowd. They waved at him, but had no chance to speak to him because the mass of people around them was shunting them away along the platform. Harry, Ron, and Hermione followed the rest of the school along the platform and out onto a rough mud track, where at least a hundred stagecoaches awaited the remaining students, each pulled, Harry could only assume, by an invisible horse, be\-cause when they climbed inside and shut the door, the coach set off all by itself, bumping and swaying in procession.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The coach smelled faintly of mold and straw. Harry felt better since the chocolate, but still weak. Ron and Hermione kept look\-ing at him sideways, as though frightened he might collapse again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As the carriage trundled toward a pair of magnificent wrought iron gates, flanked with stone columns topped with winged boars, Harry saw two more towering, hooded dementors, standing guard on either side. A wave of cold sickness threatened to engulf him again; he leaned back into the lumpy seat and closed his eyes until they had passed the gates. The carriage picked up speed on the long, sloping drive up to the castle; Hermione was leaning out of the tiny window, watching the many turrets and towers draw nearer. At last, the carriage swayed to a halt, and Hermione and Ron got out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Harry stepped down, a drawling, delighted voice sounded in his ear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\i  fainted,\i0  Potter? Is Longbottom telling the truth? You actu\-ally \i fainted\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy elbowed past Hermione to block Harry\rquote s way up the stone steps to the castle, his face gleeful and his pale eyes glinting maliciously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shove off, Malfoy,\rdblquote  said Ron, whose jaw was clenched.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you faint as well, Weasley?\rdblquote  said Malfoy loudly. \ldblquote Did the scary old dementor frighten you too, Weasley?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is there a problem?\rdblquote  said a mild voice. Professor Lupin had just gotten out of the next carriage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy gave Professor Lupin an insolent stare, which took in the patches on his robes and the delapidated suitcase. With a tiny hint of sarcasm in his voice, he said, \ldblquote Oh, no \emdash  er \emdash  \i Professor,\i0\rdblquote  then he smirked at Crabbe and Goyle and led them up the steps into the castle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione prodded Ron in the back to make him hurry, and the three of them joined the crowd swarming up the steps, through the giant oak front doors, into the cavernous entrance hall, which was lit with flaming torches, and housed a magnificent marble staircase that led to the upper floors.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door into the Great Hall stood open at the right; Harry fol\-lowed the crowd toward it, but had barely glimpsed the enchanted ceiling, which was black and cloudy tonight, when a voice called, \ldblquote Potter! Granger! I want to see you both!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Hermione turned around, surprised. Professor McGonagall, Transfiguration teacher and head of Gryffindor House, was calling over the heads of the crowd. She was a stern-looking witch who wore her hair in a tight bun; her sharp eyes were framed with square spectacles. Harry fought his way over to her with a feeling of foreboding: Professor McGonagall had a way of making him feel he must have done something wrong.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s no need to look so worried \emdash  I just want a word in my office,\rdblquote  she told them. \ldblquote Move along there, Weasley.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron  stared  as   Professor  McGonagall  ushered  Harry  and\lang3081  \lang1033 Hermione away from the chattering crowd; they accompanied her across the entrance hall, up the marble staircase, and along a corridor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Once they were in her office, a small room with a large, wel\-coming fire, Professor McGonagall motioned Harry and Her\-mione to sit down. She settled herself behind her desk and said abruptly, \ldblquote Professor Lupin sent an owl ahead to say that you were taken ill on the train, Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Before Harry could reply, there was a soft knock on the door and Madam Pomfrey, the nurse, came bustling in.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt himself going red in the face. It was bad enough that he\rquote d passed out, or whatever he had done, without everyone mak\-ing all this fuss.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m fine,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote I don\rquote t need anything \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, it\rquote s you, is it?\rdblquote  said Madam Pomfrey, ignoring this and bending down to stare closely at him. \ldblquote I suppose you\rquote ve been doing something dangerous again?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was a dementor, Poppy,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They exchanged a dark look, and Madam Pomfrey clucked dis\-approvingly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Setting dementors around a school,\rdblquote  she muttered, pushing back Harry\rquote s hair and feeling his forehead. \ldblquote He won\rquote t be the last one who collapses. Yes, he\rquote s all clammy. Terrible things, they are, and the effect they have on people who are already delicate \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not delicate!\rdblquote  said Harry crossly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course you\rquote re not,\rdblquote  said Madam Pomfrey absentmindedly, now taking his pulse.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What does he need?\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall crisply. \ldblquote Bed rest? Should he perhaps spend tonight in the hospital wing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m \i fine\i0 !\rdblquote  said Harry, jumping up. The thought of what Draco Malfoy would say if he had to go to the hospital wing was torture.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, he should have some chocolate, at the very least,\rdblquote  said Madam Pomfrey, who was now trying to peer into Harry\rquote s eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve already had some,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Professor Lupin gave me some. He gave it to all of us.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did he, now?\rdblquote  said Madam Pomfrey approvingly. \ldblquote So we\rquote ve fi\-nally got a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher who knows his remedies?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you sure you feel all right, Potter?\rdblquote  Professor McGonagall said sharply.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Yes\i0 ,\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well. Kindly wait outside while I have a quick word with Miss Granger about her course schedule, then we can go down to the feast together.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry went back into the corridor with Madam Pomfrey, who left for the hospital wing, muttering to herself. He had to wait only a few minutes; then Hermione emerged looking very happy about something, followed by Professor McGonagall, and the three of them made their way back down the marble staircase to the Great Hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was a sea of pointed black hats; each of the long House tables was lined with students, their faces glimmering by the light of thousands of candles, which were floating over the tables in mid\-air. Professor Flitwick, who was a tiny little wizard with a shock of white hair, was carrying an ancient hat and a three-legged stool out of the hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Hermione softly, \ldblquote we\rquote ve missed the Sorting!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 New students at Hogwarts were sorted into Houses by trying on the Sorting Hat, which shouted out the House they were best suited to (Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, or Slytherin). Profes\-sor McGonagall strode off toward her empty seat at the staff table, and Harry and Hermione set off in the other direction, as quietly as possible, toward the Gryffindor table. People looked around at them as they passed along the back of the hall, and a few of them pointed at Harry. Had the story of his collapsing in front of the de\-mentor traveled that fast?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He and Hermione sat down on either side of Ron, who had saved them seats.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What was all that about?\rdblquote  he muttered to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry started to explain in a whisper, but at that moment the headmaster stood up to speak, and he broke off.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Dumbledore, though very old, always gave an impres\-sion of great energy. He had several feet of long silver hair and beard, half-moon spectacles, and an extremely crooked nose. He was often described as the greatest wizard of the age, but that wasn\rquote t why Harry respected him. You couldn\rquote t help trusting Albus Dum\-bledore, and as Harry watched him beaming around at the stu\-dents, he felt really calm for the first time since the dementor had entered the train compartment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Welcome!\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, the candlelight shimmering on his beard. \ldblquote Welcome to another year at Hogwarts! I have a few things to say to you all, and as one of them is very serious, I think it best to get it out of the way before you become befuddled by our excellent feast. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore cleared his throat and continued, \ldblquote As you will all\lang3081  \lang1033 be aware after their search of the Hogwarts Express, our school is presently playing host to some of the dementors of Azkaban, who are here on Ministry of Magic business.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He paused, and Harry remembered what Mr. Weasley had said about Dumbledore not being happy with the dementors guarding the school.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They are stationed at every entrance to the grounds,\rdblquote  Dumble\-dore continued, \ldblquote and while they are with us, I must make it plain that nobody is to leave school without permission. Dementors are not to be fooled by tricks or disguises \emdash  or even Invisibility Cloaks,\rdblquote  he added blandly, and Harry and Ron glanced at each other. \ldblquote It is not in the nature of a dementor to understand pleading or excuses. I therefore warn each and every one of you to give them no reason to harm you. I look to the prefects, and our new Head Boy and Girl, to make sure that no student runs afoul of the de\-mentors,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Percy, who was sitting a few seats down from Harry, puffed out his chest again and stared around impressively. Dumbledore paused again; he looked very seriously around the hall, and nobody moved or made a sound.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote On a happier note,\rdblquote  he continued, \ldblquote I am pleased to welcome two new teachers to our ranks this year.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote First, Professor Lupin, who has kindly consented to fill the post of Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was some scattered, rather unenthusiastic applause. Only those who had been in the compartment on the train with Profes\-sor Lupin clapped hard, Harry among them. Professor Lupin looked particularly shabby next to all the other teachers in their best robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look at Snape!\rdblquote  Ron hissed in Harry\rquote s ear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Snape, the Potions master, was staring along the staff table at Professor Lupin. It was common knowledge that Snape wanted the Defense Against the Dark Arts job, but even Harry, who hated Snape, was startled at the expression twisting his thin, sallow face. It was beyond anger: it was loathing. Harry knew that expression only too well; it was the look Snape wore every time he set eyes on Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As to our second new appointment,\rdblquote  Dumbledore continued as the lukewarm applause for Professor Lupin died away. \ldblquote Well, I am sorry to tell you that Professor Kettleburn, our Care of Magical Creatures teacher, retired at the end of last year in order to enjoy more time with his remaining limbs. However, I am delighted to say that his place will be filled by none other than Rubeus Hagrid, who has agreed to take on this teaching job in addition to his gamekeeping duties.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione stared at one another, stunned. Then they joined in with the applause, which was tumultuous at the Gryffindor table in particular. Harry leaned forward to see Hagrid, who was ruby-red in the face and staring down at his enor\-mous hands, his wide grin hidden in the tangle of his black beard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We should\rquote ve known!\rdblquote  Ron roared, pounding the table. \ldblquote Who else would have assigned us a biting book?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione were the last to stop clapping, and as Professor Dumbledore started speaking again, they saw that Hagrid was wiping his eyes on the tablecloth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, I think that\rquote s everything of importance,\rdblquote  said Dumble\-dore. \ldblquote Let the feast begin!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The golden plates and goblets before them filled suddenly with\lang3081  \lang1033 food and drink. Harry, suddenly ravenous, helped himself to everything he could reach and began to eat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was a delicious feast; the hall echoed with talk, laughter, and the clatter of knives and forks. Harry, Ron, and Hermione, how\-ever, were eager for it to finish so that they could talk to Hagrid. They knew how much being made a teacher would mean to him. Hagrid wasn\rquote t a fully qualified wizard; he had been expelled from Hogwarts in his third year for a crime he had not committed. It had been Harry, Ron, and Hermione who had cleared Hagrid\rquote s name last year.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At long last, when the last morsels of pumpkin tart had melted from the golden platters, Dumbledore gave the word that it was time for them all to go to bed, and they got their chance.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Congratulations, Hagrid!\rdblquote  Hermione squealed as they reached the teachers\rquote  table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All down ter you three,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, wiping his shining face on his napkin as he looked up at them. \ldblquote Can\rquote  believe it \'85 great man, Dumbledore \'85 came straight down to me hut after Professor Kettleburn said he\rquote d had enough. \'85 It\rquote s what I always wanted. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Overcome with emotion, he buried his face in his napkin, and Professor McGonagall shooed them away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione joined the Gryffindors streaming up the marble staircase and, very tired now, along more corridors, up more and more stairs, to the hidden entrance to Gryffindor Tower. A large portrait of a fat lady in a pink dress asked them, \ldblquote Pass\-word?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Coming through, coming through!\rdblquote  Percy called from behind the crowd. \ldblquote The new password\rquote s \lang3081\lquote\lang1033 Fortuna Major\lang3081\rquote\lang1033 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh no,\rdblquote  said Neville Longbottom sadly. He always had trouble remembering the passwords.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Through the portrait hole and across the common room, the girls and boys divided toward their separate staircases. Harry climbed the spiral stair with no thought in his head except how glad he was to be back. They reached their familiar, circular dormitory with its five four-poster beds, and Harry, looking around, felt he was home at last.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 6\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Talons and Tea Leaves\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
When Harry, Ron, and Hermione entered the Great Hall for breakfast the next day, the first thing they saw was Draco Malfoy, who seemed to be entertaining a large group of Slytherins with a very funny story. As they passed, Malfoy did a ridiculous impression of a swooning fit and there was a roar of laughter.\par
\ldblquote Ignore him,\rdblquote  said Hermione, who was right behind Harry. \ldblquote Just ignore him, it\rquote s not worth it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hey, Potter!\rdblquote  shrieked Pansy Parkinson, a Slytherin girl with a face like a pug. \ldblquote Potter! The dementors are coming, Potter! \i Woooooooo\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry dropped into a seat at the Gryffindor table, next to George Weasley.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote New third-year course schedules,\rdblquote  said George, passing them over. \ldblquote What\rquote s up with you, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Malfoy,\rdblquote  said Ron, sitting down on George\rquote s other side and glaring over at the Slytherin table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 George looked up in time to see Malfoy pretending to faint with terror again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That little git,\rdblquote  he said calmly. \ldblquote He wasn\rquote t so cocky last night when the dementors were down at our end of the train. Came run\-ning into our compartment, didn\rquote t he, Fred?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nearly wet himself,\rdblquote  said Fred, with a contemptuous glance at Malfoy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wasn\rquote t too happy myself,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote They\rquote re horrible things, those dementors. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sort of freeze your insides, don\rquote t they?\rdblquote  said Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You didn\rquote t pass out, though, did you?\rdblquote  said Harry in a low voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Forget it, Harry,\rdblquote  said George bracingly. \ldblquote Dad had to go out to Azkaban one time, remember, Fred? And he said it was the worst place he\rquote d ever been, he came back all weak and shaking. \'85 They suck the happiness out of a place, dementors. Most of the prison\-ers go mad in there.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anyway, we\rquote ll see how happy Malfoy looks after our first Quid\-ditch match,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote Gryffindor versus Slytherin, first game of the season, remember?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The only time Harry and Malfoy had faced each other in a Quidditch match, Malfoy had definitely come off worse. Feeling slightly more cheerful, Harry helped himself to sausages and fried tomatoes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione was examining her new schedule.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ooh, good, we\rquote re starting some new subjects today,\rdblquote  she said happily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione,\rdblquote  said Ron, frowning as he looked over her shoulder, \ldblquote they\rquote ve messed up your schedule. Look \emdash  they\rquote ve got you down for about ten subjects a day. There isn\rquote t enough \i time.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll manage. I\rquote ve fixed it all with Professor McGonagall.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But look,\rdblquote  said Ron, laughing, \ldblquote see this morning? Nine o\rquote clock, Divination. And underneath, nine o\rquote clock, Muggle Studies. And\rdblquote  \emdash  Ron leaned closer to the schedule, disbelieving \emdash  \ldblquote\i look\i0  \emdash  underneath that, Arithmancy, \i nine o\rquote clock.\i0  I mean, I know you\rquote re good, Hermione, but no one\rquote s \i that\i0  good. How\rquote re you supposed to be in three classes at once?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be silly,\rdblquote  said Hermione shortly. \ldblquote Of course I won\rquote t be in three classes at once.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, then \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Pass the marmalade,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, Ron, what\rquote s it to you if my schedule\rquote s a bit full?\rdblquote  Hermione snapped. \ldblquote I told you, I\rquote ve fixed it all with Professor McGonagall.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Just then, Hagrid entered the Great Hall. He was wearing his long moleskin overcoat and was absentmindedly swinging a dead polecat from one enormous hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All righ\rquote ?\rdblquote  he said eagerly, pausing on the way to the staff table. \ldblquote Yer in my firs\rquote  ever lesson! Right after lunch! Bin up since five gettin\rquote  everythin\rquote  ready. \'85 Hope it\rquote s okay. \'85 Me, a teacher \'85 hones\rquote ly. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He grinned broadly at them and headed off to the staff table, still swinging the polecat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wonder what he\rquote s been getting ready?\rdblquote  said Ron, a note of anx\-iety in his voice.\par
The hall was starting to empty as people headed off toward their first lesson. Ron checked his course schedule.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote d better go, look, Divination\rquote s at the top of North Tower. It\rquote ll take us ten minutes to get there. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They finished their breakfasts hastily, said good-bye to Fred and George, and walked back through the hall. As they passed the Slytherin table, Malfoy did yet another impression of a faint\-ing fit. The shouts of laughter followed Harry into the entrance hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The journey through the castle to North Tower was a long one. Two years at Hogwarts hadn\rquote t taught them everything about the castle, and they had never been inside North Tower before.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s \emdash  got \emdash  to \emdash  be \emdash  a \emdash  shortcut,\rdblquote  Ron panted as they climbed their seventh long staircase and emerged on an unfa\-miliar landing, where there was nothing but a large painting of a bare stretch of grass hanging on the stone wall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think it\rquote s this way,\rdblquote  said Hermione, peering down the empty passage to the right.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can\rquote t be,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote That\rquote s south, look, you can see a bit of the lake out of the window \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was watching the painting. A fat, dapple-gray pony had just ambled onto the grass and was grazing nonchalantly. Harry was used to the subjects of Hogwarts paintings moving around and leaving their frames to visit one another, but he always enjoyed watching it. A moment later, a short, squat knight in a suit of ar\-mor clanked into the picture after his pony. By the look of the grass stains on his metal knees, he had just fallen off.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aha!\rdblquote  he yelled, seeing Harry, Ron, and Hermione. \ldblquote What\lang3081  \lang1033 villains are these, that trespass upon my private lands! Come to scorn at my fall, perchance? Draw, you knaves, you dogs!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They watched in astonishment as the little knight tugged his sword out of its scabbard and began brandishing it violently, hop\-ping up and down in rage. But the sword was too long for him; a particularly wild swing made him overbalance, and he landed face\-down in the grass.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you all right?\rdblquote  said Harry, moving closer to the picture.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get back, you scurvy braggart! Back, you rogue!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The knight seized his sword again and used it to push himself back up, but the blade sank deeply into the grass and, though he pulled with all his might, he couldn\rquote t get it out again. Finally, he had to flop back down onto the grass and push up his visor to mop his sweating face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Listen,\rdblquote  said Harry, taking advantage of the knight\rquote s exhaus\-tion, \ldblquote we\rquote re looking for the North Tower. You don\rquote t know the way, do you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A quest!\rdblquote  The knight\rquote s rage seemed to vanish instantly. He clanked to his feet and shouted, \ldblquote Come follow me, dear friends, and we shall find our goal, or else shall perish bravely in the charge!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He gave the sword another fruitless tug, tried and failed to mount the fat pony, gave up, and cried, \ldblquote On foot then, good sirs and gentle lady! On! On!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he ran, clanking loudly, into the left side of the frame and out of sight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They hurried after him along the corridor, following the sound of his armor. Every now and then they spotted him running through a picture ahead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Be of stout heart, the worst is yet to come!\rdblquote  yelled the knight, and they saw him reappear in front of an alarmed group of women in crinolines, whose picture hung on the wall of a narrow spiral staircase.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Puffing loudly, Harry, Ron, and Hermione climbed the tightly spiraling steps, getting dizzier and dizzier, until at last they heard the murmur of voices above them and knew they had reached the classroom.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Farewell!\rdblquote  cried the knight, popping his head into a painting of some sinister-looking monks. \ldblquote Farewell, my comrades-in-arms! If ever you have need of noble heart and steely sinew, call upon Sir Cadogan!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, we\rquote ll call you,\rdblquote  muttered Ron as the knight disappeared, \ldblquote if we ever need someone mental.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They climbed the last few steps and emerged onto a tiny land\-ing, where most of the class was already assembled. There were no doors off this landing, but Ron nudged Harry and pointed at the ceiling, where there was a circular trapdoor with a brass plaque on it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \lquote Sibyll Trelawney, Divination teacher,\lang3081\rquote  \rdblquote\lang1033  Harry read. \ldblquote How\rquote re we supposed to get up there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As though in answer to his question, the trapdoor suddenly opened, and a silvery ladder descended right at Harry\rquote s feet. Every\-one got quiet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote After you,\rdblquote  said Ron, grinning, so Harry climbed the ladder first.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He emerged into the strangest-looking classroom he had ever seen. In fact, it didn\rquote t look like a classroom at all, more like a cross\lang3081  \lang1033 between someone\rquote s attic and an old-fashioned tea shop. At least twenty small, circular tables were crammed inside it, all sur\-rounded by chintz armchairs and fat little poufs. Everything was lit with a dim, crimson light; the curtains at the windows were all closed, and the many lamps were draped with dark red scarves. It was stiflingly warm, and the fire that was burning under the crowded mantelpiece was giving off a heavy, sickly sort of perfume as it heated a large copper kettle. The shelves running around the circular walls were crammed with dusty-looking feathers, stubs of candles, many packs of tattered playing cards, countless silvery crystal balls, and a huge array of teacups.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron appeared at Harry\rquote s shoulder as the class assembled around them, all talking in whispers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where is she?\rdblquote  Ron said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A voice came suddenly out of the shadows, a soft, misty sort of voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Welcome,\rdblquote  it said. \ldblquote How nice to see you in the physical world at last.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s immediate impression was of a large, glittering insect. Professor Trelawney moved into the firelight, and they saw that she was very thin; her large glasses magnified her eyes to several times their natural size, and she was draped in a gauzy spangled shawl. Innumerable chains and beads hung around her spindly neck, and her arms and hands were encrusted with bangles and rings.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sit, my children, sit,\rdblquote  she said, and they all climbed awkwardly into armchairs or sank onto poufs. Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat themselves around the same round table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Welcome to Divination,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney, who had\lang3081  \lang1033 seated herself in a winged armchair in front of the fire. \ldblquote My name is Professor Trelawney. You may not have seen me before. I find that descending too often into the hustle and bustle of the main school clouds my Inner Eye.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nobody said anything to this extraordinary pronouncement. Professor Trelawney delicately rearranged her shawl and continued, \ldblquote So you have chosen to study Divination, the most difficult of all magical arts. I must warn you at the outset that if you do not have the Sight, there is very little I will be able to teach you. Books can take you only so far in this field. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At these words, both Harry and Ron glanced, grinning, at Hermione, who looked startled at the news that books wouldn\rquote t be much help in this subject.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Many witches and wizards, talented though they are in the area of loud bangs and smells and sudden disappearings, are yet unable to penetrate the veiled mysteries of the future,\rdblquote  Professor Trelawney went on, her enormous, gleaming eyes moving from face to nervous face. \ldblquote It is a Gift granted to few. You, boy,\rdblquote  she said suddenly to Neville, who almost toppled off his pouf. \ldblquote Is your grandmother well?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think so,\rdblquote  said Neville tremulously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wouldn\rquote t be so sure if I were you, dear,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney, the firelight glinting on her long emerald earrings. Neville gulped. Professor Trelawney continued placidly. \ldblquote We will be covering the basic methods of Divination this year. The first term will be devoted to reading the tea leaves. Next term we shall progress to palmistry. By the way, my dear,\rdblquote  she shot suddenly at Parvati Patil, \ldblquote beware a red-haired man.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Parvati gave a startled look at Ron, who was right behind her, and edged her chair away from him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In the second term,\rdblquote  Professor Trelawney went on, \ldblquote we shall progress to the crystal ball \emdash  if we have finished with fire omens, that is. Unfortunately, classes will be disrupted in February by a nasty bout of flu. I myself will lose my voice. And around Easter, one of our number will leave us forever.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A very tense silence followed this pronouncement, but Professor Trelawney seemed unaware of it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wonder, dear,\rdblquote  she said to Lavender Brown, who was nearest and shrank back in her chair, \ldblquote if you could pass me the largest sil\-ver teapot?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lavender, looking relieved, stood up, took an enormous teapot from the shelf, and put it down on the table in front of Professor Trelawney.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you, my dear. Incidentally, that thing you are dreading \emdash  it will happen on Friday the sixteenth of October.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lavender trembled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, I want you all to divide into pairs. Collect a teacup from the shelf, come to me, and I will fill it. Then sit down and drink, drink until only the dregs remain. Swill these around the cup three times with the left hand, then turn the cup upside down on its saucer, wait for the last of the tea to drain away, then give your cup to your partner to read. You will interpret the patterns using pages five and six of \i Unfogging the Future.\i0  I shall move among you, help\-ing and instructing. Oh, and dear\rdblquote  \emdash  she caught Neville by the arm as he made to stand up \emdash  \ldblquote after you\rquote ve broken your first cup, would you be so kind as to select one of the blue patterned ones? I\rquote m rather attached to the pink.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sure enough, Neville had no sooner reached the shelf of tea\-cups when there was a tinkle of breaking china. Professor Trelawney swept over to him holding a dustpan and brush and said, \ldblquote One of the blue ones, then, dear, if you wouldn\rquote t mind \'85 thank you. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When Harry and Ron had had their teacups filled, they went back to their table and tried to drink the scalding tea quickly. They swilled the dregs around as Professor Trelawney had instructed, then drained the cups and swapped over.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Ron as they both opened their books at pages five and six. \ldblquote What can you see in mine?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A load of soggy brown stuff,\rdblquote  said Harry. The heavily perfumed smoke in the room was making him feel sleepy and stupid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Broaden your minds, my dears, and allow your eyes to see past the mundane!\rdblquote  Professor Trelawney cried through the gloom.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry tried to pull himself together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right, you\rquote ve got a crooked sort of cross \'85\rdblquote  He consulted \i Unfogging the Future. \i0\ldblquote That means you\rquote re going to have \lang3081\lquote\lang1033 trials and suffering\lang3081\rquote\lang1033  \emdash  sorry about that \emdash  but there\rquote s a thing that could be the sun \'85 hang on \'85 that means \lang3081\lquote\lang1033 great happiness\lang3081\rquote\lang1033  \'85 so you\rquote re going to suffer but be very happy. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You need your Inner Eye tested, if you ask me,\rdblquote  said Ron, and they both had to stifle their laughs as Professor Trelawney gazed in their direction.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My turn \'85\rdblquote  Ron peered into Harry\rquote s teacup, his forehead wrinkled with effort. \ldblquote There\rquote s a blob a bit like a bowler hat,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Maybe you\rquote re going to work for the Ministry of Magic. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned the teacup the other way up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But this way it looks more like an acorn. \'85 What\rquote s that?\rdblquote  He\lang3081  \lang1033 scanned his copy of \i Unfogging the Future.\i0  \lang3081\ldblquote  \lquote\lang1033 A windfall, unexpected gold.\lang3081\rquote\lang1033  Excellent, you can lend me some \'85 and there\rquote s a thing here,\rdblquote  he turned the cup again, \ldblquote that looks like an animal\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 yeah, if that was its head \'85 it looks like a hippo \'85 no, a sheep \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Trelawney whirled around as Harry let out a snort of laughter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let me see that, my dear,\rdblquote  she said reprovingly to Ron, sweeping over and snatching Harry\rquote s cup from him. Everyone went quiet to watch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Trelawney was staring into the teacup, rotating it counterclockwise.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The falcon \'85 my dear, you have a deadly enemy.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But everyone knows \i that,\i0\rdblquote  said Hermione in a loud whisper. Professor Trelawney stared at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, they do,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Everybody knows about Harry and You-Know-Who.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron stared at her with a mixture of amazement and admiration. They had never heard Hermione speak to a teacher like that before. Professor Trelawney chose not to reply. She low\-ered her huge eyes to Harry\rquote s cup again and continued to turn it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The club \'85 an attack. Dear, dear, this is not a happy cup. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought that was a bowler hat,\rdblquote  said Ron sheepishly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The skull \'85 danger in your path, my dear. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Everyone was staring, transfixed, at Professor Trelawney, who gave the cup a final turn, gasped, and then screamed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was another tinkle of breaking china; Neville had smashed his second cup. Professor Trelawney sank into a vacant armchair, her glittering hand at her heart and her eyes closed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My dear boy \'85 my poor, dear boy \'85 no \'85 it is kinder not to say \'85 no \'85 don\rquote t ask me. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What is it, Professor?\rdblquote  said Dean Thomas at once. Everyone had got to their feet, and slowly they crowded around Harry and Ron\rquote s table, pressing close to Professor Trelawney\rquote s chair to get a good look at Harry\rquote s cup.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My dear,\rdblquote  Professor Trelawney\rquote s huge eyes opened dramatically, \ldblquote you have the Grim.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The what?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could tell that he wasn\rquote t the only one who didn\rquote t understand; Dean Thomas shrugged at him and Lavender Brown looked puz\-zled, but nearly everybody else clapped their hands to their mouths in horror.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Grim, my dear, the Grim!\rdblquote  cried Professor Trelawney, who looked shocked that Harry hadn\rquote t understood. \ldblquote The giant, spectral dog that haunts churchyards! My dear boy, it is an omen \emdash  the worst omen \emdash  of \i death\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s stomach lurched. That dog on the cover of \i Death Omens \i0 in Flourish and Blotts \emdash  the dog in the shadows of Magnolia Crescent\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Lavender Brown clapped her hands to her mouth too. Everyone was looking at Harry, everyone except Hermione, who had gotten up and moved around to the back of Professor Trelawney\rquote s chair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i I\lang3081\i0  \lang1033 don\rquote t think it looks like a Grim,\rdblquote  she said flatly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Trelawney surveyed Hermione with mounting dislike.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ll forgive me for saying so, my dear, but I perceive very lit\-tle aura around you. Very little receptivity to the resonances of the future.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Seamus Finnigan was tilting his head from side to side.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It looks like a Grim if you do this,\rdblquote  he said, with his eyes almost shut, \ldblquote but it looks more like a donkey from here,\rdblquote  he said, leaning to the left.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When you\rquote ve all finished deciding whether I\rquote m going to die or not!\rdblquote  said Harry, taking even himself by surprise. Now nobody seemed to want to look at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think we will leave the lesson here for today,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney in her mistiest voice. \ldblquote Yes \'85 please pack away your things. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Silently the class took their teacups back to Professor Trelawney, packed away their books, and closed their bags. Even Ron was avoiding Harry\rquote s eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Until we meet again,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney faintly, \ldblquote fair for\-tune be yours. Oh, and dear\rdblquote  \emdash  she pointed at Neville \emdash  \ldblquote you\rquote ll be late next time, so mind you work extra-hard to catch up.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione descended Professor Trelawney\rquote s lad\-der and the winding stair in silence, then set off for Professor Mc\-Gonagall\rquote s Transfiguration lesson. It took them so long to find her classroom that, early as they had left Divination, they were only just in time.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry chose a seat right at the back of the room, feeling as though he were sitting in a very bright spotlight; the rest of the class kept shooting furtive glances at him, as though he were about to drop dead at any moment. He hardly heard what Professor McGonagall was telling them about Animagi (wizards who could transform at will into animals), and wasn\rquote t even watching when she transformed herself in front of their eyes into a tabby cat with spec\-tacle markings around her eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Really, what has got into you all today?\rdblquote  said Professor Mc\-Gonagall, turning back into herself with a faint \i pop,\i0  and staring around at them all. \ldblquote Not that it matters, but that\rquote s the first time my transformation\rquote s not got applause from a class.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Everybody\rquote s heads turned toward Harry again, but nobody spoke. Then Hermione raised her hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Please, Professor, we\rquote ve just had our first Divination class, and we were reading the tea leaves, and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, of course,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, suddenly frowning. \ldblquote There is no need to say any more, Miss Granger. Tell me, which of you will be dying this year?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Everyone stared at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Me,\rdblquote  said Harry, finally.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I see,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, fixing Harry with her beady eyes. \ldblquote Then you should know, Potter, that Sibyll Trelawney has predicted the death of one student a year since she arrived at this school. None of them has died yet. Seeing death omens is her favorite way of greeting a new class. If it were not for the fact that I never speak ill of my colleagues \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall broke off, and they saw that her nostrils had gone white. She went on, more calmly, \ldblquote Divination is one of the most imprecise branches of magic. I shall not conceal from you that I have very little patience with it. True Seers are very rare, and Professor Trelawney \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She stopped again, and then said, in a very matter-of-fact tone, \ldblquote You look in excellent health to me, Potter, so you will excuse me if I don\rquote t let you off homework today. I assure you that if you die, you need not hand it in.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione laughed. Harry felt a bit better. It was harder to feel\lang3081  \lang1033 scared of a lump of tea leaves away from the dim red light and be\-fuddling perfume of Professor Trelawney\rquote s classroom. Not everyone was convinced, however. Ron still looked worried, and Lavender whispered, \ldblquote But what about Neville\rquote s cup?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When the Transfiguration class had finished, they joined the crowd thundering toward the Great Hall for lunch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, cheer up,\rdblquote  said Hermione, pushing a dish of stew toward him. \ldblquote You heard what Professor McGonagall said.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron spooned stew onto his plate and picked up his fork but didn\rquote t start.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  he said, in a low, serious voice, \ldblquote you \i haven\rquote t\i0  seen a great black dog anywhere, have you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I have,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I saw one the night I left the Dursleys\rquote .\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron let his fork fall with a clatter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Probably a stray,\rdblquote  said Hermione calmly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron looked at Hermione as though she had gone mad.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, if Harry\rquote s seen a Grim, that\rquote s \emdash  that\rquote s bad,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote My \emdash  my uncle Bilius saw one and \emdash  and he died twenty-four hours later!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Coincidence,\rdblquote  said Hermione airily, pouring herself some pumpkin juice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t know what you\rquote re talking about!\rdblquote  said Ron, starting to get angry. \ldblquote Grims scare the living daylights out of most wizards!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There you are, then,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a superior tone. \ldblquote They see the Grim and die of fright. The Grim\rquote s not an omen, it\rquote s the cause of death! And Harry\rquote s still with us because he\rquote s not stupid enough to see one and think, right, well, I\rquote d better kick the bucket then!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron mouthed wordlessly at Hermione, who opened her bag, took out her new Arithmancy book, and propped it open against the juice jug.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think Divination seems very woolly,\rdblquote  she said, searching for her page. \ldblquote A lot of guesswork, if you ask me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There was nothing woolly about the Grim in that cup!\rdblquote  said Ron hotly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You didn\rquote t seem quite so confident when you were telling Harry it was a sheep,\rdblquote  said Hermione coolly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Trelawney said you didn\rquote t have the right aura! You just don\rquote t like being bad at something for a change!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had touched a nerve. Hermione slammed her Arithmancy book down on the table so hard that bits of meat and carrot flew everywhere.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If being good at Divination means I have to pretend to see death omens in a lump of tea leaves, I\rquote m not sure I\rquote ll be studying it much longer! That lesson was absolute rubbish compared with my Arithmancy class!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She snatched up her bag and stalked away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron frowned after her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s she talking about?\rdblquote  he said to Harry. \ldblquote She hasn\rquote t been to an Arithmancy class yet.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry was pleased to get out of the castle after lunch. Yesterday\rquote s rain had cleared; the sky was a clear, pale gray, and the grass was springy and damp underfoot as they set off for their first ever Care of Magical Creatures class.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione weren\rquote t speaking to each other. Harry walked beside them in silence as they went down the sloping lawns to\lang3081  \lang1033 Hagrid\rquote s hut on the edge of the Forbidden Forest. It was only when he spotted three only-too-familiar backs ahead of them that he real\-ized they must be having these lessons with the Slytherins. Malfoy was talking animatedly to Crabbe and Goyle, who were chortling. Harry was quite sure he knew what they were talking about.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid was waiting for his class at the door of his hut. He stood in his moleskin overcoat, with Fang the boarhound at his heels, looking impatient to start.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote C\rquote mon, now, get a move on!\rdblquote  he called as the class approached. \ldblquote Got a real treat for yeh today! Great lesson comin\rquote  up! Everyone here? Right, follow me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For one nasty moment, Harry thought that Hagrid was going to lead them into the forest; Harry had had enough unpleasant expe\-riences in there to last him a lifetime. However, Hagrid strolled off around the edge of the trees, and five minutes later, they found themselves outside a kind of paddock. There was nothing in there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Everyone gather \rquote round the fence here!\rdblquote  he called. \ldblquote That\rquote s it \emdash  make sure yeh can see \emdash  now, firs\rquote  thing yeh\rquote ll want ter do is open yer books \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How?\rdblquote  said the cold, drawling voice of Draco Malfoy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Eh?\rdblquote  said Hagrid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do we open our books?\rdblquote  Malfoy repeated. He took out his copy of \i The Monster Book of Monsters,\i0  which he had bound shut with a length of rope. Other people took theirs out too; some, like Harry, had belted their book shut; others had crammed them in\-side tight bags or clamped them together with binder clips.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hasn\rquote  \emdash  hasn\rquote  anyone bin able ter open their books?\rdblquote  said Hagrid, looking crestfallen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The class all shook their heads.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeh\rquote ve got ter \i stroke\i0  \rquote em,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, as though this was the most obvious thing in the world. \ldblquote Look \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He took Hermione\rquote s copy and ripped off the Spellotape that bound it. The book tried to bite, but Hagrid ran a giant forefinger down its spine, and the book shivered, and then fell open and lay quiet in his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, how silly we\rquote ve all been!\rdblquote  Malfoy sneered. \ldblquote We should have \i stroked\i0  them! Why didn\rquote t we guess!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  I thought they were funny,\rdblquote  Hagrid said uncertainly to Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, tremendously funny!\rdblquote  said Malfoy. \ldblquote Really witty, giving us books that try and rip our hands off!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shut up, Malfoy,\rdblquote  said Harry quietly. Hagrid was looking downcast and Harry wanted Hagrid\rquote s first lesson to be a success.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Righ\rquote  then,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, who seemed to have lost his thread, \ldblquote so \emdash  so yeh\rquote ve got yer books an\rquote  \emdash  an\rquote  \emdash  now yeh need the Magical Creatures. Yeah. So I\rquote ll go an\rquote  get \rquote em. Hang on \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He strode away from them into the forest and out of sight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote God, this place is going to the dogs,\rdblquote  said Malfoy loudly. \ldblquote That oaf teaching classes, my father\rquote ll have a fit when I tell him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shut up, Malfoy,\rdblquote  Harry repeated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Careful, Potter, there\rquote s a dementor behind you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oooooooh!\rdblquote  squealed Lavender Brown, pointing toward the opposite side of the paddock.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Trotting toward them were a dozen of the most bizarre creatures Harry had ever seen. They had the bodies, hind legs, and tails of horses, but the front legs, wings, and heads of what seemed to be\lang3081  \lang1033 giant eagles, with cruel, steel-colored beaks and large, brilliantly or\-ange eyes. The talons on their front legs were half a foot long and deadly looking. Each of the beasts had a thick leather collar around its neck, which was attached to a long chain, and the ends of all of these were held in the vast hands of Hagrid, who came jogging into the paddock behind the creatures.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Gee up, there!\rdblquote  he roared, shaking the chains and urging the creatures toward the fence where the class stood. Everyone drew back slightly as Hagrid reached them and tethered the creatures to the fence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hippogriffs!\rdblquote  Hagrid roared happily, waving a hand at them. \ldblquote Beau\rquote iful, aren\rquote  they?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could sort of see what Hagrid meant. Once you got over the first shock of seeing something that was half horse, half bird, you started to appreciate the hippogriffs\rquote  gleaming coats, changing smoothly from feather to hair, each of them a different color: stormy gray, bronze, pinkish roan, gleaming chestnut, and inky black.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, rubbing his hands together and beaming around, \ldblquote if yeh wan\rquote  ter come a bit nearer \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 No one seemed to want to. Harry, Ron, and Hermione, how\-ever, approached the fence cautiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, firs\rquote  thing yeh gotta know abou\rquote  hippogriffs is, they\rquote re proud,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote Easily offended, hippogriffs are. Don\rquote t never insult one, \rquote cause it might be the last thing yeh do.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle weren\rquote t listening; they were talking in an undertone and Harry had a nasty feeling they were plotting how best to disrupt the lesson.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeh always wait fer the hippogriff ter make the firs\rquote  move,\rdblquote  Hagrid continued. \ldblquote It\rquote s polite, see? Yeh walk toward him, and yeh bow, an\rquote  yeh wait. If he bows back, yeh\rquote re allowed ter touch him. If he doesn\rquote  bow, then get away from him sharpish, \rquote cause those talons hurt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right \emdash  who wants ter go first?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Most of the class backed farther away in answer. Even Harry, Ron, and Hermione had misgivings. The hippogriffs were tossing their fierce heads and flexing their powerful wings; they didn\rquote t seem to like being tethered like this.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No one?\rdblquote  said Hagrid, with a pleading look.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll do it,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was an intake of breath from behind him, and both Lavender and Parvati whispered, \ldblquote Oooh, no, Harry, remember your tea leaves!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry ignored them. He climbed over the paddock fence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good man, Harry!\rdblquote  roared Hagrid. \ldblquote Right then \emdash  let\rquote s see how yeh get on with Buckbeak.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He untied one of the chains, pulled the gray hippogriff away from its fellows, and slipped off its leather collar. The class on the other side of the paddock seemed to be holding its breath. Malfoy\rquote s eyes were narrowed maliciously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Easy, now, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hagrid quietly. \ldblquote Yeh\rquote ve got eye contact, now try not ter blink. \'85 Hippogriffs don\rquote  trust yeh if yeh blink too much. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s eyes immediately began to water, but he didn\rquote t shut them. Buckbeak had turned his great, sharp head and was staring at Harry with one fierce orange eye.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tha\rquote s it,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote Tha\rquote s it, Harry \'85 now, bow \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry didn\rquote t feel much like exposing the back of his neck to Buckbeak, but he did as he was told. He gave a short bow and then looked up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The hippogriff was still staring haughtily at him. It didn\rquote t move.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, sounding worried. \ldblquote Right \emdash  back away, now, Harry, easy does it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But then, to Harry\rquote s enormous surprise, the hippogriff suddenly bent its scaly front knees and sank into what was an unmistakable bow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well done, Harry!\rdblquote  said Hagrid, ecstatic. \ldblquote Right \emdash  yeh can touch him! Pat his beak, go on!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Feeling that a better reward would have been to back away, Harry moved slowly toward the hippogriff and reached out toward it. He patted the beak several times and the hippogriff closed its eyes lazily, as though enjoying it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The class broke into applause, all except for Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who were looking deeply disappointed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Righ\rquote  then, Harry,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote I reckon he might\rquote  let yeh ride him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This was more than Harry had bargained for. He was used to a broomstick; but he wasn\rquote t sure a hippogriff would be quite the same.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeh climb up there, jus\rquote  behind the wing joint,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, \ldblquote an\rquote  mind yeh don\rquote  pull any of his feathers out, he won\rquote  like that. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry put his foot on the top of Buckbeak\rquote s wing and hoisted himself onto its back. Buckbeak stood up. Harry wasn\rquote t sure where to hold on; everything in front of him was covered with feathers.\par
\ldblquote Go on, then!\rdblquote  roared Hagrid, slapping the hippogriff\rquote s hind\-quarters.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Without warning, twelve-foot wings flapped open on either side of Harry; he just had time to seize the hippogriff around the neck before he was soaring upward. It was nothing like a broomstick, and Harry knew which one he preferred; the hippogriff\rquote s wings beat uncomfortably on either side of him, catching him under his legs and making him feel he was about to be thrown off; the glossy feathers slipped under his fingers and he didn\rquote t dare get a stronger grip; instead of the smooth action of his Nimbus Two Thousand, he now felt himself rocking backward and forward as the hindquar\-ters of the hippogriff rose and fell with its wings.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Buckbeak flew him once around the paddock and then headed back to the ground; this was the bit Harry had been dreading; he leaned back as the smooth neck lowered, feeling he was going to slip off over the beak, then felt a heavy thud as the four ill-assorted feet hit the ground. He just managed to hold on and push himself straight again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good work, Harry!\rdblquote  roared Hagrid as everyone except Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle cheered. \ldblquote Okay, who else wants a go?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Emboldened by Harry\rquote s success, the rest of the class climbed cautiously into the paddock. Hagrid untied the hippogriffs one by one, and soon people were bowing nervously, all over the paddock. Neville ran repeatedly backward from his, which didn\rquote t seem to want to bend its knees. Ron and Hermione practiced on the chest\-nut, while Harry watched.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle had taken over Buckbeak. He had bowed to Malfoy, who was now patting his beak, looking dis\-dainful.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is very easy,\rdblquote  Malfoy drawled, loud enough for Harry to hear him. \ldblquote I knew it must have been, if Potter could do it. \'85 I bet you\rquote re not dangerous at all, are you?\rdblquote  he said to the hippogriff. \ldblquote Are you, you great ugly brute?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It happened in a flash of steely talons; Malfoy let out a high-pitched scream and next moment, Hagrid was wrestling Buckbeak back into his collar as he strained to get at Malfoy, who lay curled in the grass, blood blossoming over his robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m dying!\rdblquote  Malfoy yelled as the class panicked. \ldblquote I\rquote m dying, look at me! It\rquote s killed me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yer not dyin\rquote !\rdblquote  said Hagrid, who had gone very white. \ldblquote Some\-one help me \emdash  gotta get him outta here \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione ran to hold open the gate as Hagrid lifted Malfoy eas\-ily. As they passed, Harry saw that there was a long, deep gash on Malfoy\rquote s arm; blood splattered the grass and Hagrid ran with him, up the slope toward the castle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Very shaken, the Care of Magical Creatures class followed at a walk. The Slytherins were all shouting about Hagrid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They should fire him straight away!\rdblquote  said Pansy Parkinson, who was in tears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was Malfoy\rquote s fault!\rdblquote  snapped Dean Thomas. Crabbe and Goyle flexed their muscles threateningly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They all climbed the stone steps into the deserted entrance hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m going to see if he\rquote s okay!\rdblquote  said Pansy, and they all watched her run up the marble staircase. The Slytherins, still muttering about Hagrid, headed away in the direction of their dungeon common room; Harry, Ron, and Hermione proceeded upstairs to Gryffindor Tower.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote D\rquote you think he\rquote ll be all right?\rdblquote  said Hermione nervously.\lang3081\par
\ldblquote  \rquote\lang1033 Course he will. Madam Pomfrey can mend cuts in about a sec\-ond,\rdblquote  said Harry, who had had far worse injuries mended magically by the nurse.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was a really bad thing to happen in Hagrid\rquote s first class, though, wasn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking worried. \ldblquote Trust Malfoy to mess things up for him. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were among the first to reach the Great Hall at dinner\-time, hoping to see Hagrid, but he wasn\rquote t there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They \i wouldn\rquote t\lang3081\i0  \lang1033 fire him, would they?\rdblquote  said Hermione anxiously, not touching her steak-and-kidney pudding.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote d better not,\rdblquote  said Ron, who wasn\rquote t eating either.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was watching the Slytherin table. A large group including Crabbe and Goyle was huddled together, deep in conversation. Harry was sure they were cooking up their own version of how Malfoy had been injured.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you can\rquote t say it wasn\rquote t an interesting first day back,\rdblquote  said Ron gloomily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They went up to the crowded Gryffindor common room after dinner and tried to do the homework Professor McGonagall had given them, but all three of them kept breaking off and glancing out of the tower window.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s a light on in Hagrid\rquote s window,\rdblquote  Harry said suddenly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron looked at his watch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If we hurried, we could go down and see him. It\rquote s still quite early. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  Hermione said slowly, and Harry saw her glance at him.\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m allowed to walk across the \i grounds,\i0\rdblquote  he said pointedly. \ldblquote Sirius Black hasn\rquote t got past the dementors yet, has he?\rdblquote\par
So they put their things away and headed out of the portrait hole, glad to meet nobody on their way to the front doors, as they weren\rquote t entirely sure they were supposed to be out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The grass was still wet and looked almost black in the twilight. When they reached Hagrid\rquote s hut, they knocked, and a voice growled, \ldblquote C\rquote min.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid was sitting in his shirtsleeves at his scrubbed wooden table; his boarhound, Fang, had his head in Hagrid\rquote s lap. One look told them that Hagrid had been drinking a lot; there was a pewter tankard almost as big as a bucket in front of him, and he seemed to be having difficulty getting them into focus.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Spect it\rquote s a record,\rdblquote  he said thickly, when he recognized them. \ldblquote Don\rquote  reckon they\rquote ve ever had a teacher who lasted on\rquote y a day be\-fore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You haven\rquote t been fired, Hagrid!\rdblquote  gasped Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not yet,\rdblquote  said Hagrid miserably, taking a huge gulp of whatever was in the tankard. \ldblquote But \rquote s only a matter o\rquote  time, i\rquote n\rquote t it, after Malfoy\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How is he?\rdblquote  said Ron as they all sat down. \ldblquote It wasn\rquote t serious, was it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Madam Pomfrey fixed him best she could,\rdblquote  said Hagrid dully, \ldblquote but he\rquote s sayin\rquote  it\rquote s still agony\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 covered in ban\-dages \'85 moanin\rquote  \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s faking it,\rdblquote  said Harry at once. \ldblquote Madam Pomfrey can mend anything. She regrew half my bones last year. Trust Malfoy to milk it for all it\rquote s worth.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote School gov\rquote nors have bin told, o\rquote  course,\rdblquote  said Hagrid miser\-ably. \ldblquote They reckon I started too big. Shoulda left hippogriffs fer later \'85 done flobberworms or summat. \'85 Jus\rquote  thought it\rquote d make a good firs\rquote  lesson. \'85 \rquote S all my fault. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s all \i Malfoy\rquote s\i0  fault, Hagrid!\rdblquote  said Hermione earnestly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re witnesses,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote You said hippogriffs attack if you insult them. It\rquote s Malfoy\rquote s problem that he wasn\rquote t listening. We\rquote ll tell Dumbledore what really happened.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, don\rquote t worry, Hagrid, we\rquote ll back you up,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Tears leaked out of the crinkled corners of Hagrid\rquote s beetle-black eyes. He grabbed both Harry and Ron and pulled them into a bone-breaking hug.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think you\rquote ve had enough to drink, Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Hermione firmly. She took the tankard from the table and went outside to empty it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ar, maybe she\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, letting go of Harry and Ron, who both staggered away, rubbing their ribs. Hagrid heaved himself out of his chair and followed Hermione unsteadily outside. They heard a loud splash.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s he done?\rdblquote  said Harry nervously as Hermione came back in with the empty tankard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stuck his head in the water barrel,\rdblquote  said Hermione, putting the tankard away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid came back, his long hair and beard sopping wet, wiping the water out of his eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tha\rquote s better,\rdblquote  he said, shaking his head like a dog and drench\-ing them all. \ldblquote Listen, it was good of yeh ter come an\rquote  see me, I really \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid stopped dead, staring at Harry as though he\rquote d only just realized he was there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote WHAT D\rquote YEH THINK YOU\rquote RE DOIN\rquote , EH?\rdblquote  he roared, so suddenly that they jumped a foot in the air. \ldblquote YEH\rquote RE NOT TO GO WANDERIN\rquote  AROUND AFTER DARK, HARRY! AN\rquote  YOU TWO! LETTIN\rquote  HIM!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid strode over to Harry, grabbed his arm, and pulled him to the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote C\rquote mon!\rdblquote  Hagrid said angrily. \ldblquote I\rquote m takin\rquote  yer all back up ter school, an\rquote  don\rquote  let me catch yeh walkin\rquote  down ter see me after dark again. I\rquote m not worth that!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 7\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Boggart in the Wardrobe\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Malfoy didn\rquote t reappear in classes until late on Thursday morning, when the Slytherins and Gryffindors were halfway through double Potions. He swaggered into the dungeon, his right arm covered in bandages and bound up in a sling, acting, in Harry\rquote s opinion, as though he were the heroic survivor of some dreadful battle.\par
\ldblquote How is it, Draco?\rdblquote  simpered Pansy Parkinson. \ldblquote Does it hurt much?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, putting on a brave sort of grimace. But Harry saw him wink at Crabbe and Goyle when Pansy had looked away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Settle down, settle down,\rdblquote  said Professor Snape idly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron scowled at each other; Snape wouldn\rquote t have said \ldblquote settle down\rdblquote  if \i they\rquote d\i0  walked in late, he\rquote d have given them deten\-tion. But Malfoy had always been able to get away with anything in\lang3081  \lang1033 Snape\rquote s classes; Snape was head of Slytherin House, and generally favored his own students above all others.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were making a new potion today, a Shrinking Solution. Malfoy set up his cauldron right next to Harry and Ron, so that they were preparing their ingredients on the same table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir,\rdblquote  Malfoy called, \ldblquote sir, I\rquote ll need help cutting up these daisy roots, because of my arm \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Weasley, cut up Malfoy\rquote s roots for him,\rdblquote  said Snape without looking up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron went brick red.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s nothing wrong with your arm,\rdblquote  he hissed at Malfoy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy smirked across the table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Weasley, you heard Professor Snape; cut up these roots.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron seized his knife, pulled Malfoy\rquote s roots toward him, and be\-gan to chop them roughly, so that they were all different sizes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor,\rdblquote  drawled Malfoy, \ldblquote Weasley\rquote s mutilating my roots, sir.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape approached their table, stared down his hooked nose at the roots, then gave Ron an unpleasant smile from beneath his long, greasy black hair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Change roots with Malfoy, Weasley.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But, sir \emdash  !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron had spent the last quarter of an hour carefully shredding his own roots into exactly equal pieces.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Now,\i0\rdblquote  said Snape in his most dangerous voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron shoved his own beautifully cut roots across the table at Malfoy, then took up the knife again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And, sir, I\rquote ll need this shrivelfig skinned,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, his voice full of malicious laughter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter, you can skin Malfoy\rquote s shrivelfig,\rdblquote  said Snape, giving Harry the look of loathing he always reserved just for him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry took Malfoy\rquote s shrivelfig as Ron began trying to repair the damage to the roots he now had to use. Harry skinned the shriv\-elfig as fast as he could and flung it back across the table at Malfoy without speaking. Malfoy was smirking more broadly than ever.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Seen your pal Hagrid lately?\rdblquote  he asked them quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote None of your business,\rdblquote  said Ron jerkily, without looking up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m afraid he won\rquote t be a teacher much longer,\rdblquote  said Malfoy in a tone of mock sorrow. \ldblquote Father\rquote s not very happy about my injury \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Keep talking, Malfoy, and I\rquote ll give you a real injury,\rdblquote  snarled Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  he\rquote s complained to the school governors. \i And\i0  to the Min\-istry of Magic. Father\rquote s got a lot of influence, you know. And a last\-ing injury like this\rdblquote  \emdash  he gave a huge, fake sigh \emdash  \ldblquote who knows if my arm\rquote ll ever be the same again?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So that\rquote s why you\rquote re putting it on,\rdblquote  said Harry, accidentally be\-heading a dead caterpillar because his hand was shaking in anger. \ldblquote To try to get Hagrid fired.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Malfoy, lowering his voice to a whisper, \ldblquote\i partly,\i0  Potter. But there are other benefits too. Weasley, slice my caterpil\-lars for me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A few cauldrons away, Neville was in trouble. Neville regularly went to pieces in Potions lessons; it was his worst subject, and his great fear of Professor Snape made things ten times worse. His po\-tion, which was supposed to be a bright, acid green, had turned \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Orange, Longbottom,\rdblquote  said Snape, ladling some up and allow\-ing it to splash back into the cauldron, so that everyone could see. \ldblquote Orange. Tell me, boy, does anything penetrate that thick skull of\lang3081  \lang1033 yours? Didn\rquote t you hear me say, quite clearly, that only one rat spleen was needed? Didn\rquote t I state plainly that a dash of leech juice would suffice? What do I have to do to make you understand, Longbottom?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville was pink and trembling. He looked as though he was on the verge of tears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Please, sir,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote please, I could help Neville put it right \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t remember asking you to show off, Miss Granger,\rdblquote  said Snape coldly, and Hermione went as pink as Neville. \ldblquote Longbot\-tom, at the end of this lesson we will feed a few drops of this potion to your toad and see what happens. Perhaps that will encourage you to do it properly.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape moved away, leaving Neville breathless with fear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Help me!\rdblquote  he moaned to Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hey, Harry,\rdblquote  said Seamus Finnigan, leaning over to borrow Harry\rquote s brass scales, \ldblquote have you heard? \i Daily Prophet\i0  this morning \emdash  they reckon Sirius Black\rquote s been sighted.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where?\rdblquote  said Harry and Ron quickly. On the other side of the table, Malfoy looked up, listening closely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not too far from here,\rdblquote  said Seamus, who looked excited. \ldblquote It was a Muggle who saw him. \lang3081\rquote\lang1033 Course, she didn\rquote t really understand. The Muggles think he\rquote s just an ordinary criminal, don\rquote t they? So she phoned the telephone hot line. By the time the Ministry of Magic got there, he was gone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not too far from here \'85 ,\rdblquote  Ron repeated, looking significantly at Harry. He turned around and saw Malfoy watching closely. \ldblquote What, Malfoy? Need something else skinned?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Malfoy\rquote s eyes were shining malevolently, and they were fixed on Harry. He leaned across the table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thinking of trying to catch Black single-handed, Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, that\rquote s right,\rdblquote  said Harry offhandedly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy\rquote s thin mouth was curving in a mean smile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course, if it was me,\rdblquote  he said quietly, \ldblquote I\rquote d have done some\-thing before now. I wouldn\rquote t be staying in school like a good boy, I\rquote d be out there looking for him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you talking about, Malfoy?\rdblquote  said Ron roughly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t you \i know,\i0  Potter?\rdblquote  breathed Malfoy, his pale eyes nar\-rowed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Know what?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy let out a low, sneering laugh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe you\rquote d rather not risk your neck,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Want to leave it to the dementors, do you? But if it was me, I\rquote d want revenge. I\rquote d hunt him down myself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i What are you talking about\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Harry angrily, but at that moment Snape called, \ldblquote You should have finished adding your ingredients by now; this potion needs to stew before it can be drunk, so clear away while it simmers and then we\rquote ll test Long\-bottom\rquote s. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Crabbe and Goyle laughed openly, watching Neville sweat as he stirred his potion feverishly. Hermione was muttering instructions to him out of the corner of her mouth, so that Snape wouldn\rquote t see. Harry and Ron packed away their unused ingredients and went to wash their hands and ladles in the stone basin in the corner.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did Malfoy mean?\rdblquote  Harry muttered to Ron as he stuck his hands under the icy jet that poured from the gargoyle\rquote s mouth.\lang3081  \lang1033\ldblquote Why would I want revenge on Black? He hasn\rquote t done anything to me \emdash  yet.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s making it up,\rdblquote  said Ron savagely. \ldblquote He\rquote s trying to make you do something stupid. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The end of the lesson in sight, Snape strode over to Neville, who was cowering by his cauldron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Everyone gather \rquote round,\rdblquote  said Snape, his black eyes glittering, \ldblquote and watch what happens to Longbottom\rquote s toad. If he has managed to produce a Shrinking Solution, it will shrink to a tadpole. If, as I don\rquote t doubt, he has done it wrong, his toad is likely to be poi\-soned.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Gryffindors watched fearfully. The Slytherins looked ex\-cited. Snape picked up Trevor the toad in his left hand and dipped a small spoon into Neville\rquote s potion, which was now green. He trickled a few drops down Trevor\rquote s throat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a moment of hushed silence, in which Trevor gulped; then there was a small pop, and Trevor the tadpole was wriggling in Snape\rquote s palm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Gryffindors burst into applause. Snape, looking sour, pulled a small bottle from the pocket of his robe, poured a few drops on top of Trevor, and he reappeared suddenly, fully grown.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Five points from Gryffindor,\rdblquote  said Snape, which wiped the smiles from every face. \ldblquote I told you not to help him, Miss Granger. Class dismissed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione climbed the steps to the entrance hall. Harry was still thinking about what Malfoy had said, while Ron was seething about Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Five points from Gryffindor because the potion was all right!\lang3081  \lang1033 Why didn\rquote t you lie, Hermione? You should\rquote ve said Neville did it all by himself!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione didn\rquote t answer. Ron looked around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where is she?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned too. They were at the top of the steps now, watch\-ing the rest of the class pass them, heading for the Great Hall and lunch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She was right behind us,\rdblquote  said Ron, frowning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy passed them, walking between Crabbe and Goyle. He smirked at Harry and disappeared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There she is,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione was panting slightly, hurrying up the stairs; one hand clutched her bag, the other seemed to be tucking something down the front of her robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How did you do that?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Hermione, joining them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote One minute you were right behind us, the next moment, you were back at the bottom of the stairs again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  Hermione looked slightly confused. \ldblquote Oh \emdash  I had to go back for something. Oh no \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A seam had split on Hermione\rquote s bag. Harry wasn\rquote t surprised; he could see that it was crammed with at least a dozen large and heavy books.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why are you carrying all these around with you?\rdblquote  Ron asked her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know how many subjects I\rquote m taking,\rdblquote  said Hermione breathlessly. \ldblquote Couldn\rquote t hold these for me, could you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash\rdblquote  Ron was turning over the books she had handed him,\lang3081  \lang1033 looking at the covers. \ldblquote You haven\rquote t got any of these subjects today. It\rquote s only Defense Against the Dark Arts this afternoon.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione vaguely, but she packed all the books back into her bag just the same. \ldblquote I hope there\rquote s something good for lunch, I\rquote m starving,\rdblquote  she added, and she marched off toward the Great Hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote D\rquote you get the feeling Hermione\rquote s not telling us something?\rdblquote  Ron asked Harry.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Professor Lupin wasn\rquote t there when they arrived at his first Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson. They all sat down, took out their books, quills, and parchment, and were talking when he finally en\-tered the room. Lupin smiled vaguely and placed his tatty old briefcase on the teacher\rquote s desk. He was as shabby as ever but looked healthier than he had on the train, as though he had had a few square meals.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good afternoon,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Would you please put all your books back in your bags. Today\rquote s will be a practical lesson. You will need only your wands.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A few curious looks were exchanged as the class put away their books. They had never had a practical Defense Against the Dark Arts before, unless you counted the memorable class last year when their old teacher had brought a cageful of pixies to class and set them loose.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right then,\rdblquote  said Professor Lupin, when everyone was ready. \ldblquote If you\rquote d follow me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Puzzled but interested, the class got to its feet and followed Pro\-fessor Lupin out of the classroom. He led them along the deserted\lang3081  \lang1033 corridor and around a corner, where the first thing they saw was Peeves the Poltergeist, who was floating upside down in midair and stuffing the nearest keyhole with chewing gum.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Peeves didn\rquote t look up until Professor Lupin was two feet away; then he wiggled his curly-toed feet and broke into song.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Loony, loopy Lupin,\rdblquote  Peeves sang. \ldblquote Loony, loopy Lupin, loony, loopy Lupin \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Rude and unmanageable as he almost always was, Peeves usually showed some respect toward the teachers. Everyone looked quickly at Professor Lupin to see how he would take this; to their surprise, he was still smiling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d take that gum out of the keyhole if I were you, Peeves,\rdblquote  he said pleasantly. \ldblquote Mr. Filch won\rquote t be able to get in to his brooms.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Filch was the Hogwarts caretaker, a bad-tempered, failed wizard who waged a constant war against the students and, indeed, Peeves. However, Peeves paid no attention to Professor Lupin\rquote s words, ex\-cept to blow a loud wet raspberry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Lupin gave a small sigh and took out his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is a useful little spell,\rdblquote  he told the class over his shoulder. \ldblquote Please watch closely.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He raised the wand to shoulder height, said, \ldblquote\i Waddiwasi\i0 !\rdblquote  and pointed it at Peeves.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With the force of a bullet, the wad of chewing gum shot out of the keyhole and straight down Peeves\rquote s left nostril; he whirled up\-right and zoomed away, cursing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cool, sir!\rdblquote  said Dean Thomas in amazement.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you, Dean,\rdblquote  said Professor Lupin, putting his wand away again. \ldblquote Shall we proceed?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They set off again, the class looking at shabby Professor Lupin with increased respect. He led them down a second corridor and stopped, right outside the staffroom door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Inside, please,\rdblquote  said Professor Lupin, opening it and standing back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The staffroom, a long, paneled room full of old, mismatched chairs, was empty except for one teacher. Professor Snape was sit\-ting in a low armchair, and he looked around as the class filed in. His eyes were glittering and there was a nasty sneer playing around his mouth. As Professor Lupin came in and made to close the door behind him, Snape said, \ldblquote Leave it open, Lupin. I\rquote d rather not wit\-ness this.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He got to his feet and strode past the class, his black robes bil\-lowing behind him. At the doorway he turned on his heel and said, \ldblquote Possibly no one\rquote s warned you, Lupin, but this class contains Neville Longbottom. I would advise you not to entrust him with anything difficult. Not unless Miss Granger is hissing instructions in his ear.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville went scarlet. Harry glared at Snape; it was bad enough that he bullied Neville in his own classes, let alone doing it in front of other teachers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Lupin had raised his eyebrows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was hoping that Neville would assist me with the first stage of the operation,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote and I am sure he will perform it ad\-mirably.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville\rquote s face went, if possible, even redder. Snape\rquote s lip curled, but he left, shutting the door with a snap.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, then,\rdblquote  said Professor Lupin, beckoning the class toward the end of the room, where there was nothing but an old wardrobe\lang3081  \lang1033 where the teachers kept their spare robes. As Professor Lupin went to stand next to it, the wardrobe gave a sudden wobble, banging off the wall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing to worry about,\rdblquote  said Professor Lupin calmly because a few people had jumped backward in alarm. \ldblquote There\rquote s a boggart in there.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Most people seemed to feel that this \i was\i0  something to worry about. Neville gave Professor Lupin a look of pure terror, and Seamus Finnigan eyed the now rattling doorknob apprehensively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Boggarts like dark, enclosed spaces,\rdblquote  said Professor Lupin. \ldblquote Wardrobes, the gap beneath beds, the cupboards under sinks \emdash  I\rquote ve even met one that had lodged itself in a grandfather clock. \i This \i0 one moved in yesterday afternoon, and I asked the headmaster if the staff would leave it to give my third years some practice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, the first question we must ask ourselves is, what \i is\i0  a bog\-gart?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione put up her hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s a shape-shifter,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote It can take the shape of whatever it thinks will frighten us most.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Couldn\rquote t have put it better myself,\rdblquote  said Professor Lupin, and Hermione glowed. \ldblquote So the boggart sitting in the darkness within has not yet assumed a form. He does not yet know what will frighten the person on the other side of the door. Nobody knows what a boggart looks like when he is alone, but when I let him out, he will immediately become whatever each of us most fears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This means,\rdblquote  said Professor Lupin, choosing to ignore Neville\rquote s small sputter of terror, \ldblquote that we have a huge advantage over the boggart before we begin. Have you spotted it, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Trying to answer a question with Hermione next to him,\lang3081  \lang1033 bobbing up and down on the balls of her feet with her hand in the air, was very off-putting, but Harry had a go.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  because there are so many of us, it won\rquote t know what shape it should be?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Precisely,\rdblquote  said Professor Lupin, and Hermione put her hand down, looking a little disappointed. \ldblquote It\rquote s always best to have com\-pany when you\rquote re dealing with a boggart. He becomes confused. Which should he become, a headless corpse or a flesh-eating slug? I once saw a boggart make that very mistake \emdash  tried to frighten two people at once and turned himself into half a slug. Not re\-motely frightening.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The charm that repels a boggart is simple, yet it requires force of mind. You see, the thing that really finishes a boggart is \i laughter. \i0 What you need to do is force it to assume a shape that you find amusing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We will practice the charm without wands first. After me, please \'85 \i riddikulus\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Riddikulus\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 said the class together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good,\rdblquote  said Professor Lupin. \ldblquote Very good. But that was the easy part, I\rquote m afraid. You see, the word alone is not enough. And this is where you come in, Neville.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The wardrobe shook again, though not as much as Neville, who walked forward as though he were heading for the gallows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right, Neville,\rdblquote  said Professor Lupin. \ldblquote First things first: what would you say is the thing that frightens you most in the world?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville\rquote s lips moved, but no noise came out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Didn\rquote t catch that, Neville, sorry,\rdblquote  said Professor Lupin cheer\-fully\lang3081 .\par
\lang1033 Neville looked around rather wildly, as though begging someone\lang3081  \lang1033 to help him, then said, in barely more than a whisper, \ldblquote Professor Snape.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nearly everyone laughed. Even Neville grinned apologetically. Professor Lupin, however, looked thoughtful.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Snape \'85 hmmm \'85 Neville, I believe you live with your grandmother?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  yes,\rdblquote  said Neville nervously. \ldblquote But \emdash  I don\rquote t want the boggart to turn into her either.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, no, you misunderstand me,\rdblquote  said Professor Lupin, now smiling. \ldblquote I wonder, could you tell us what sort of clothes your grandmother usually wears?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville looked startled, but said, \ldblquote Well \'85 always the same hat. A tall one with a stuffed vulture on top. And a long dress \'85 green, normally \'85 and sometimes a fox-fur scarf.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And a handbag?\rdblquote  prompted Professor Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A big red one,\rdblquote  said Neville.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right then,\rdblquote  said Professor Lupin. \ldblquote Can you picture those clothes very clearly, Neville? Can you see them in your mind\rquote s eye?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Neville uncertainly, plainly wondering what was coming next.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When the boggart bursts out of this wardrobe, Neville, and sees you, it will assume the form of Professor Snape,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote And you will raise your wand \emdash  thus \emdash  and cry \lang3081\lquote\lang1033\i Riddikulus\lang3081\i0\rquote\lang1033  \emdash  and concentrate hard on your grandmother\rquote s clothes. If all goes well, Professor Boggart Snape will be forced into that vulture-topped hat, and that green dress, with that big red handbag.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a great shout of laughter. The wardrobe wobbled more violently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If Neville is successful, the boggart is likely to shift his attention\lang3081  \lang1033 to each of us in turn,\rdblquote  said Professor Lupin. \ldblquote I would like all of you to take a moment now to think of the thing that scares you most, and imagine how you might force it to look comical. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The room went quiet. Harry thought \'85 What scared him most in the world?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His first thought was Lord Voldemort \emdash  a Voldemort returned to full strength. But before he had even started to plan a possible counterattack on a boggart-Voldemort, a horrible image came floating to the surface of his mind. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A rotting, glistening hand, slithering back beneath a black cloak \'85 a long, rattling breath from an unseen mouth \'85 then a cold so penetrating it felt like drowning. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shivered, then looked around, hoping no one had no\-ticed. Many people had their eyes shut tight. Ron was muttering to himself, \ldblquote Take its legs off.\rdblquote  Harry was sure he knew what that was about. Ron\rquote s greatest fear was spiders.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Everyone ready?\rdblquote  said Professor Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt a lurch of fear. He wasn\rquote t ready. How could you make a dementor less frightening? But he didn\rquote t want to ask for more time; everyone else was nodding and rolling up their sleeves.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Neville, we\rquote re going to back away,\rdblquote  said Professor Lupin. \ldblquote Let you have a clear field, all right? I\rquote ll call the next person for\-ward. \'85 Everyone back, now, so Neville can get a clear shot \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They all retreated, backed against the walls, leaving Neville alone beside the wardrobe. He looked pale and frightened, but he had pushed up the sleeves of his robes and was holding his wand ready.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote On the count of three, Neville,\rdblquote  said Professor Lupin, who was\lang3081  \lang1033 pointing his own wand at the handle of the wardrobe. \ldblquote One \emdash  two \emdash  three \emdash  \i now\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A jet of sparks shot from the end of Professor Lupin\rquote s wand and hit the doorknob. The wardrobe burst open. Hook-nosed and menacing, Professor Snape stepped out, his eyes flashing at Neville.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville backed away, his wand up, mouthing wordlessly. Snape was bearing down upon him, reaching inside his robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i R\i0  \emdash  \i r\i0  \emdash  \i riddikulus\i0 !\rdblquote  squeaked Neville.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a noise like a whip crack. Snape stumbled; he was wear\-ing a long, lace-trimmed dress and a towering hat topped with a moth-eaten vulture, and he was swinging a huge crimson handbag.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a roar of laughter; the boggart paused, confused, and Professor Lupin shouted, \ldblquote Parvati! Forward!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Parvati walked forward, her face set. Snape rounded on her. There was another crack, and where he had stood was a blood\-stained, bandaged mummy; its sightless face was turned to Parvati and it began to walk toward her very slowly, dragging its feet, its stiff arms rising \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Riddikulus\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 cried Parvati.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A bandage unraveled at the mummy\rquote s feet; it became entangled, fell face forward, and its head rolled off.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Seamus!\rdblquote  roared Professor Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Seamus darted past Parvati.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Crack\i0 ! Where the mummy had been was a woman with floor-length black hair and a skeletal, green-tinged face \emdash  a banshee. She opened her mouth wide and an unearthly sound filled the room, a long, wailing shriek that made the hair on Harry\rquote s head stand on end \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Riddikulus\i0 !\rdblquote  shouted Seamus.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The banshee made a rasping noise and clutched her throat; her voice was gone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Crack\i0 ! The banshee turned into a rat, which chased its tail in a circle, then \emdash  \i crack\i0 ! \emdash  became a rattlesnake, which slithered and writhed before \emdash  \i crack\i0 !\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  becoming a single, bloody eyeball.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s confused!\rdblquote  shouted Lupin. \ldblquote We\rquote re getting there! Dean!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dean hurried forward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Crack\i0 !\lang3081  \lang1033 The eyeball became a severed hand, which flipped over and began to creep along the floor like a crab.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Riddikulus\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 yelled Dean.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a snap, and the hand was trapped in a mousetrap.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excellent! Ron, you next!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron leapt forward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Crack\i0 !\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Quite a few people screamed. A giant spider, six feet tall and cov\-ered in hair, was advancing on Ron, clicking its pincers menac\-ingly. For a moment, Harry thought Ron had frozen. Then \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Riddikulus\i0 !\rdblquote  bellowed Ron, and the spider\rquote s legs vanished; it rolled over and over; Lavender Brown squealed and ran out of its way and it came to a halt at Harry\rquote s feet. He raised his wand, ready, but \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here!\rdblquote  shouted Professor Lupin suddenly, hurrying forward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Crack\i0 !\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The legless spider had vanished. For a second, everyone looked wildly around to see where it was. Then they saw a silvery-white orb hanging in the air in front of Lupin, who said, \ldblquote\i Riddikulus\i0 !\rdblquote  al\-most lazily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Crack\i0 !\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Forward, Neville, and finish him off!\rdblquote  said Lupin as the boggart landed on the floor as a cockroach. \i Crack\i0 ! Snape was back. This time Neville charged forward looking determined.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Riddikulus\i0 !\rdblquote  he shouted, and they had a split second\rquote s view of Snape in his lacy dress before Neville let out a great \lang3081\ldblquote\lang1033 Ha!\lang3081\rdblquote\lang1033  of laugh\-ter, and the boggart exploded, burst into a thousand tiny wisps of smoke, and was gone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excellent!\rdblquote  cried Professor Lupin as the class broke into applause. \ldblquote Excellent, Neville. Well done, everyone. \'85 Let me see \'85 five points to Gryffindor for every person to tackle the bog\-gart \emdash  ten for Neville because he did it twice \'85 and five each to Hermione and Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I didn\rquote t do anything,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You and Hermione answered my questions correctly at the start of the class, Harry,\rdblquote  Lupin said lightly. \ldblquote Very well, everyone, an ex\-cellent lesson. Homework, kindly read the chapter on boggarts and summarize it for me \'85 to be handed in on Monday. That will be all.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Talking excitedly, the class left the staffroom. Harry, however, wasn\rquote t feeling cheerful. Professor Lupin had deliberately stopped him from tackling the boggart. Why? Was it because he\rquote d seen Harry collapse on the train, and thought he wasn\rquote t up to much? Had he thought Harry would pass out again?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But no one else seemed to have noticed anything.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you see me take that banshee?\rdblquote  shouted Seamus.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And the hand!\rdblquote  said Dean, waving his own around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And Snape in that hat!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And my mummy!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wonder why Professor Lupin\rquote s frightened of crystal balls?\rdblquote  said Lavender thoughtfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was the best Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson we\rquote ve ever had, wasn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Ron excitedly as they made their way back to the classroom to get their bags.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He seems like a very good teacher,\rdblquote  said Hermione approvingly. \ldblquote But I wish I could have had a turn with the boggart \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What would it have been for you?\rdblquote  said Ron, sniggering. \ldblquote A piece of homework that only got nine out of\lang3081  \lang1033 ten?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Flight of the Fat Lady\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
In no time at all, Defense Against the Dark Arts had become most people\rquote s favorite class. Only Draco Malfoy and his gang of Slytherins had anything bad to say about Professor Lupin.\par
\ldblquote Look at the state of his robes,\rdblquote  Malfoy would say in a loud whisper as Professor Lupin passed. \ldblquote He dresses like our old house-elf.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But no one else cared that Professor Lupin\rquote s robes were patched and frayed. His next few lessons were just as interesting as the first. After boggarts, they studied Red Caps, nasty little goblinlike creatures that lurked wherever there had been bloodshed: in the dungeons of castles and the potholes of deserted battlefields, waiting to bludgeon those who had gotten lost. From Red Caps they moved on to kappas, creepy water-dwellers that looked like scaly monkeys, with webbed hands itching to strangle unwitting waders in their ponds.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry only wished he was as happy with some of his other\lang3081  \lang1033 classes. Worst of all was Potions. Snape was in a particularly vin\-dictive mood these days, and no one was in any doubt why. The story of the boggart assuming Snape\rquote s shape, and the way that Neville had dressed it in his grandmother\rquote s clothes, had traveled through the school like wildfire. Snape didn\rquote t seem to find it funny. His eyes flashed menacingly at the very mention of Professor Lupin\rquote s name, and he was bullying Neville worse than ever.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was also growing to dread the hours he spent in Professor Trelawney\rquote s stifling tower room, deciphering lopsided shapes and symbols, trying to ignore the way Professor Trelawney\rquote s enormous eyes filled with tears every time she looked at him. He couldn\rquote t like Professor Trelawney, even though she was treated with respect bor\-dering on reverence by many of the class. Parvati Patil and Laven\-der Brown had taken to haunting Professor Trelawney\rquote s tower room at lunchtimes, and always returned with annoyingly superior looks on their faces, as though they knew things the others didn\rquote t. They had also started using hushed voices whenever they spoke to Harry, as though he were on his deathbed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nobody really liked Care of Magical Creatures, which, after the action-packed first class, had become extremely dull. Hagrid seemed to have lost his confidence. They were now spending lesson after lesson learning how to look after flobberworms, which had to be some of the most boring creatures in existence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why would anyone \i bother\i0  looking after them?\rdblquote  said Ron, after yet another hour of poking shredded lettuce down the flobber\-worms\rquote  slimy throats.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At the start of October, however, Harry had something else to occupy him, something so enjoyable it more than made up for his\lang3081  \lang1033 unsatisfactory classes. The Quidditch season was approaching, and Oliver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor team, called a meeting one Thursday evening to discuss tactics for the new season.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There were seven people on a Quidditch team: three Chasers, whose job it was to score goals by putting the Quaffle (a red, soccer-sized ball) through one of the fifty-foot-high hoops at each end of the field; two Beaters, who were equipped with heavy bats to repel the Bludgers (two heavy black balls that zoomed around trying to attack the players); a Keeper, who defended the goal posts, and the Seeker, who had the hardest job of all, that of catch\-ing the Golden Snitch, a tiny, winged, walnut-sized ball, whose capture ended the game and earned the Seeker\rquote s team an extra one hundred and fifty points.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Oliver Wood was a burly seventeen-year-old, now in his seventh and final year at Hogwarts. There was a quiet sort of desperation in his voice as he addressed his six fellow team members in the chilly locker rooms on the edge of the darkening Quidditch field.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is our last chance \emdash  \i my\i0  last chance \emdash  to win the Quid\-ditch Cup,\rdblquote  he told them, striding up and down in front of them. \ldblquote I\rquote ll be leaving at the end of this year. I\rquote ll never get another shot at it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Gryffindor hasn\rquote t won for seven years now. Okay, so we\rquote ve had the worst luck in the world \emdash  injuries \emdash  then the tournament getting called off last year. \'85\rdblquote  Wood swallowed, as though the memory still brought a lump to his throat. \ldblquote But we also know we\rquote ve got the \i best\i0  \emdash  \i ruddy\i0  \emdash  \i team\i0  \emdash  \i in\i0  \emdash  \i the\i0  \emdash  \i school,\i0\rdblquote  he said, punching a fist into his other hand, the old manic glint back in his eye.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve got three \i superb\i0  Chasers.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Wood pointed at Alicia Spinnet, Angelina Johnson, and Katie Bell.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve got two \i unbeatable\i0  Beaters.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stop it, Oliver, you\rquote re embarrassing us,\rdblquote  said Fred and George Weasley together, pretending to blush.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And we\rquote ve got a Seeker who has \i never failed to win us a match\i0 !\rdblquote  Wood rumbled, glaring at Harry with a kind of furious pride. \ldblquote And me,\rdblquote  he added as an afterthought.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We think you\rquote re very good too, Oliver,\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Spanking good Keeper,\rdblquote  said Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The point is,\rdblquote  Wood went on, resuming his pacing, \ldblquote the Quid\-ditch Cup should have had our name on it these last two years. Ever since Harry joined the team, I\rquote ve thought the thing was in the bag. But we haven\rquote t got it, and this year\rquote s the last chance we\rquote ll get to finally see our name on the thing. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Wood spoke so dejectedly that even Fred and George looked sympathetic.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oliver, this year\rquote s our year,\rdblquote  said Fred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll do it, Oliver!\rdblquote  said Angelina.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Definitely,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Full of determination, the team started training sessions, three evenings a week. The weather was getting colder and wetter, the nights darker, but no amount of mud, wind, or rain could tarnish Harry\rquote s wonderful vision of finally winning the huge, silver Quid\-ditch Cup.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry returned to the Gryffindor common room one evening after training, cold and stiff but pleased with the way practice had gone, to find the room buzzing excitedly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s happened?\rdblquote  he asked Ron and Hermione, who were sit\-ting in two of the best chairs by the fireside and completing some star charts for Astronomy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote First Hogsmeade weekend,\rdblquote  said Ron, pointing at a notice that had appeared on the battered old bulletin board. \ldblquote End of October. Halloween.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excellent,\rdblquote  said Fred, who had followed Harry through the por\-trait hole. \ldblquote I need to visit Zonko\rquote s. I\rquote m nearly out of Stink Pellets.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry threw himself into a chair beside Ron, his high spirits ebbing away. Hermione seemed to read his mind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I\rquote m sure you\rquote ll be able to go next time,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote They\rquote re bound to catch Black soon. He\rquote s been sighted once already\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Black\rquote s not fool enough to try anything in Hogsmeade,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Ask McGonagall if you can go this time, Harry. The next one might not be for ages \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Ron\i0 !\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Harry\rquote s supposed to stay \i in school\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He can\rquote t be the only third year left behind,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Ask McGonagall, go on, Harry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I think I will,\rdblquote  said Harry, making up his mind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione opened her mouth to argue, but at that moment Crookshanks leapt lightly onto her lap. A large, dead spider was dangling from his mouth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Does he have to eat that in front of us?\rdblquote  said Ron, scowling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Clever Crookshanks, did you catch that all by yourself?\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Crookshanks slowly chewed up the spider, his yellow eyes fixed insolently on Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just keep him over there, that\rquote s all,\rdblquote  said Ron irritably, turning back to his star chart. \ldblquote I\rquote ve got Scabbers asleep in my bag.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry yawned. He really wanted to go to bed, but he still had his own star chart to complete. He pulled his bag toward him, took out parchment, ink, and quill, and started work.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can copy mine, if you like,\rdblquote  said Ron, labeling his last star with a flourish and shoving the chart toward Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione, who disapproved of copying, pursed her lips but didn\rquote t say anything. Crookshanks was still staring unblinkingly at Ron, flicking the end of his bushy tail. Then, without warning, he pounced.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote OY!\rdblquote  Ron roared, seizing his bag as Crookshanks sank four sets of claws deep inside it and began tearing ferociously. \ldblquote GET OFF, YOU STUPID ANIMAL!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron tried to pull the bag away from Crookshanks, but Crook\-shanks clung on, spitting and slashing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, don\rquote t hurt him!\rdblquote  squealed Hermione; the whole common room was watching; Ron whirled the bag around, Crookshanks still clinging to it, and Scabbers came flying out of the top \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote CATCH THAT CAT!\rdblquote  Ron yelled as Crookshanks freed him\-self from the remnants of the bag, sprang over the table, and chased after the terrified Scabbers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 George Weasley made a lunge for Crookshanks but missed; Scabbers streaked through twenty pairs of legs and shot beneath an old chest of drawers. Crookshanks skidded to a halt, crouched low on his bandy legs, and started making furious swipes beneath it with his front paw.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione hurried over; Hermione grabbed Crook\-shanks around the middle and heaved him away; Ron threw him\-self onto his stomach and, with great difficulty, pulled Scabbers out by the tail.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look at him!\rdblquote  he said furiously to Hermione, dangling Scab\-bers in front of her. \ldblquote He\rquote s skin and bone! You keep that cat away from him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Crookshanks doesn\rquote t understand it\rquote s wrong!\rdblquote  said Hermione, her voice shaking. \ldblquote All cats chase rats, Ron!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s something funny about that animal!\rdblquote  said Ron, who was trying to persuade a frantically wiggling Scabbers back into his pocket. \ldblquote It heard me say that Scabbers was in my bag!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, what rubbish,\rdblquote  said Hermione impatiently. \ldblquote Crookshanks could \i smell\i0  him, Ron, how else d\rquote you think \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That cat\rquote s got it in for Scabbers!\rdblquote  said Ron, ignoring the people around him, who were starting to giggle. \ldblquote And Scabbers was here first, \i and\i0  he\rquote s ill!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron marched through the common room and out of sight up the stairs to the boys\rquote  dormitories.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Ron was still in a bad mood with Hermione next day. He barely talked to her all through Herbology, even though he, Harry, and Hermione were working together on the same puffapod.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How\rquote s Scabbers?\rdblquote  Hermione asked timidly as they stripped fat pink pods from the plants and emptied the shining beans into a wooden pail.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s hiding at the bottom of my bed, shaking,\rdblquote  said Ron an\-grily, missing the pail and scattering beans over the greenhouse floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Careful, Weasley, careful!\rdblquote  cried Professor Sprout as the beans burst into bloom before their very eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had Transfiguration next. Harry, who had resolved to ask Professor McGonagall after the lesson whether he could go into\lang3081  \lang1033 Hogsmeade with the rest, joined the line outside the class trying to decide how he was going to argue his case. He was distracted, how\-ever, by a disturbance at the front of the line.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lavender Brown seemed to be crying. Parvati had her arm around her and was explaining something to Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas, who were looking very serious.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s the matter, Lavender?\rdblquote  said Hermione anxiously as she, Harry, and Ron went to join the group.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She got a letter from home this morning,\rdblquote  Parvati whispered. \ldblquote It\rquote s her rabbit, Binky. He\rquote s been killed by a fox.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Hermione, \ldblquote I\rquote m sorry, Lavender.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I should have known!\rdblquote  said Lavender tragically. \ldblquote You know what day it is?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The sixteenth of October! \lang3081\lquote\lang1033 That thing you\rquote re dreading, it will happen on the sixteenth of October!\lang3081\rquote\lang1033  Remember? She was right, she was right!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The whole class was gathered around Lavender now. Seamus shook his head seriously. Hermione hesitated; then she said, \ldblquote You \emdash  you were dreading Binky being killed by a fox?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, not necessarily by a \i fox,\i0\rdblquote  said Lavender, looking up at Hermione with streaming eyes, \ldblquote but I was \i obviously\i0  dreading him dying, wasn\rquote t I?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Hermione. She paused again. Then \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Was Binky an \i old\i0  rabbit?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote N \emdash  no!\rdblquote  sobbed Lavender. \ldblquote H \emdash  he was only a baby!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Parvati tightened her arm around Lavender\rquote s shoulders.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But then, why would you dread him dying?\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Parvati glared at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, look at it logically,\rdblquote  said Hermione, turning to the rest of the group. \ldblquote I mean, Binky didn\rquote t even die today, did he? Lavender just got the news today \emdash\rdblquote  Lavender wailed loudly. \ldblquote\emdash  and she \i can\rquote t\i0  have been dreading it, because it\rquote s come as a real shock \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t mind Hermione, Lavender,\rdblquote  said Ron loudly, \ldblquote she doesn\rquote t think other people\rquote s pets matter very much.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall opened the classroom door at that mo\-ment, which was perhaps lucky; Hermione and Ron were looking daggers at each other, and when they got into class, they seated themselves on either side of Harry and didn\rquote t talk to each other for the whole class.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry still hadn\rquote t decided what he was going to say to Professor McGonagall when the bell rang at the end of the lesson, but it was she who brought up the subject of Hogsmeade first.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote One moment, please!\rdblquote  she called as the class made to leave. \ldblquote As you\rquote re all in my House, you should hand Hogsmeade permission forms to me before Halloween. No form, no visiting the village, so don\rquote t forget!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville put up his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Please, Professor, I \emdash  I think I\rquote ve lost \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your grandmother sent yours to me directly, Longbottom,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote She seemed to think it was safer. Well, that\rquote s all, you may leave.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ask her now,\rdblquote  Ron hissed at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, but \emdash\rdblquote  Hermione began.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Go for it, Harry,\rdblquote  said Ron stubbornly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry waited for the rest of the class to disappear, then headed nervously for Professor McGonagall\rquote s desk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry took a deep breath.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor, my aunt and uncle \emdash  er \emdash  forgot to sign my form,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall looked over her square spectacles at him but didn\rquote t say anything.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So \emdash  er \emdash  d\rquote you think it would be all right \emdash  I mean, will it be okay if I \emdash  if I go to Hogsmeade?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall looked down and began shuffling papers on her desk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m afraid not, Potter,\rdblquote  she said. \ldblquote You heard what I said. No form, no visiting the village. That\rquote s the rule.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash  Professor, my aunt and uncle \emdash  you know, they\rquote re Muggles, they don\rquote t really understand about \emdash  about Hogwarts forms and stuff,\rdblquote  Harry said, while Ron egged him on with vigor\-ous nods. \ldblquote If you said I could go \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But I don\rquote t say so,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, standing up and piling her papers neatly into a drawer. \ldblquote The form clearly states that the parent or guardian must give permission.\rdblquote  She turned to look at him, with an odd expression on her face. Was it pity? \ldblquote I\rquote m sorry, Potter, but that\rquote s my final word. You had better hurry, or you\rquote ll be late for your next lesson.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 There was nothing to be done. Ron called Professor McGonagall a lot of names that greatly annoyed Hermione; Hermione assumed an \ldblquote all-for-the-best\rdblquote  expression that made Ron even angrier, and Harry had to endure everyone in the class talking loudly and hap\-pily about what they were going to do first, once they got into Hogsmeade.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s always the feast,\rdblquote  said Ron, in an effort to cheer Harry up. \ldblquote You know, the Halloween feast, in the evening.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry gloomily, \ldblquote great.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Halloween feast was always good, but it would taste a lot better if he was coming to it after a day in Hogsmeade with everyone else. Nothing anyone said made him feel any better about being left behind. Dean Thomas, who was good with a quill, had offered to forge Uncle Vernon\rquote s signature on the form, but as Harry had already told Professor McGonagall he hadn\rquote t had it signed, that was no good. Ron halfheartedly suggested the Invisibility Cloak, but Hermione stamped on that one, reminding Ron what Dumb\-ledore had told them about the dementors being able to see through them. Percy had what were possibly the least helpful words of comfort.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They make a fuss about Hogsmeade, but I assure you, Harry, it\rquote s not all it\rquote s cracked up to be,\rdblquote  he said seriously. \ldblquote All right, the sweetshop\rquote s rather good, and Zonko\rquote s Joke Shop\rquote s frankly danger\-ous, and yes, the Shrieking Shack\rquote s always worth a visit, but really, Harry, apart from that, you\rquote re not missing anything.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 On Halloween morning, Harry awoke with the rest and went down to breakfast, feeling thoroughly depressed, though doing his best to act normally.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll bring you lots of sweets back from Honeydukes,\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking desperately sorry for him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, loads,\rdblquote  said Ron. He and Hermione had finally forgotten their squabble about Crookshanks in the face of Harry\rquote s difficul\-ties.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t worry about me,\rdblquote  said Harry, in what he hoped was an offhand voice, \ldblquote I\rquote ll see you at the feast. Have a good time.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He accompanied them to the entrance hall, where Filch, the caretaker, was standing inside the front doors, checking off names against a long list, peering suspiciously into every face, and making sure that no one was sneaking out who shouldn\rquote t be going.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Staying here, Potter?\rdblquote  shouted Malfoy, who was standing in line with Crabbe and Goyle. \ldblquote Scared of passing the dementors?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry ignored him and made his solitary way up the marble staircase, through the deserted corridors, and back to Gryffindor Tower.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Password?\rdblquote  said the Fat Lady, jerking out of a doze.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fortuna Major,\rdblquote  said Harry listlessly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The portrait swung open and he climbed through the hole into the common room. It was full of chattering first and second years, and a few older students, who had obviously visited Hogsmeade so often the novelty had worn off.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry! Harry! Hi, Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was Colin Creevey, a second year who was deeply in awe of Harry and never missed an opportunity to speak to him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Aren\rquote t you going to Hogsmeade, Harry? Why not? Hey\rdblquote  \emdash  Colin looked eagerly around at his friends \emdash  \ldblquote you can come and sit with us, if you like, Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  no, thanks, Colin,\rdblquote  said Harry, who wasn\rquote t in the mood to have a lot of people staring avidly at the scar on his forehead. \ldblquote I \emdash  I\rquote ve got to go to the library, got to get some work done.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After that, he had no choice but to turn right around and head back out of the portrait hole again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What was the point waking me up?\rdblquote  the Fat Lady called grumpily after him as he walked away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry wandered dispiritedly toward the library, but halfway there he changed his mind; he didn\rquote t feel like working. He turned around and came face-to-face with Filch, who had obviously just seen off the last of the Hogsmeade visitors.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you doing?\rdblquote  Filch snarled suspiciously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing,\rdblquote  said Harry truthfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing!\rdblquote  spat Filch, his jowls quivering unpleasantly. \ldblquote A likely story! Sneaking around on your own \emdash  why aren\rquote t you in Hogsmeade buying Stink Pellets and Belch Powder and Whizzing Worms like the rest of your nasty little friends?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shrugged.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, get back to your common room where you belong!\rdblquote  snapped Filch, and he stood glaring until Harry had passed out of sight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry didn\rquote t go back to the common room; he climbed a staircase, thinking vaguely of visiting the Owlery to see Hedwig, and was walking along another corridor when a voice from inside one of the rooms said, \ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry doubled back to see who had spoken and met Professor Lupin, looking around his office door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you doing?\rdblquote  said Lupin, though in a very different voice from Filch. \ldblquote Where are Ron and Hermione?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hogsmeade,\rdblquote  said Harry, in a would-be casual voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah,\rdblquote  said Lupin. He considered Harry for a moment. \ldblquote Why don\rquote t you come in? I\rquote ve just taken delivery of a grindylow for our next lesson.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A what?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He followed Lupin into his office. In the corner stood a very large tank of water. A sickly green creature with sharp little horns had its face pressed against the glass, pulling faces and flexing its long, spindly fingers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Water demon,\rdblquote  said Lupin, surveying the grindylow thought\-fully. \ldblquote We shouldn\rquote t have much difficulty with him, not after the kappas. The trick is to break his grip. You notice the abnormally long fingers? Strong, but very brittle.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The grindylow bared its green teeth and then buried itself in a tangle of weeds in a corner.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Cup of tea?\rdblquote  Lupin said, looking around for his kettle. \ldblquote I was just thinking of making one.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right,\rdblquote  said Harry awkwardly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin tapped the kettle with his wand and a blast of steam issued suddenly from the spout.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sit down,\rdblquote  said Lupin, taking the lid off a dusty tin. \ldblquote I\rquote ve only got teabags, I\rquote m afraid \emdash  but I daresay you\rquote ve had enough of tea leaves?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked at him. Lupin\rquote s eyes were twinkling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How did you know about that?\rdblquote  Harry asked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor McGonagall told me,\rdblquote  said Lupin, passing Harry a chipped mug of tea. \ldblquote You\rquote re not worried, are you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He thought for a moment of telling Lupin about the dog he\rquote d seen in Magnolia Crescent but decided not to. He didn\rquote t want Lupin to think he was a coward, especially since Lupin already seemed to think he couldn\rquote t cope with a boggart.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Something of Harry\rquote s thoughts seemed to have shown on his face, because Lupin said, \ldblquote Anything worrying you, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  Harry lied. He drank a bit of tea and watched the grindy\-low brandishing a fist at him. \ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  he said suddenly, putting his tea down on Lupin\rquote s desk. \ldblquote You know that day we fought the bog\-gart?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Lupin slowly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why didn\rquote t you let me fight it?\rdblquote  said Harry abruptly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin raised his eyebrows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I would have thought that was obvious, Harry,\rdblquote  he said, sound\-ing surprised.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, who had expected Lupin to deny that he\rquote d done any such thing, was taken aback.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote  he said again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Lupin, frowning slightly, \ldblquote I assumed that if the bog\-gart faced you, it would assume the shape of Lord Voldemort.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared. Not only was this the last answer he\rquote d expected, but Lupin had said Voldemort\rquote s name. The only person Harry had ever heard say the name aloud (apart from himself) was Professor Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Clearly, I was wrong,\rdblquote  said Lupin, still frowning at Harry. \ldblquote But I didn\rquote t think it a good idea for Lord Voldemort to materialize in the staffroom. I imagined that people would panic.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t think of Voldemort,\rdblquote  said Harry honestly. \ldblquote I \emdash  I remembered those dementors.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I see,\rdblquote  said Lupin thoughtfully. \ldblquote Well, well \'85 I\rquote m impressed.\rdblquote  He smiled slightly at the look of surprise on Harry\rquote s face. \ldblquote That suggests that what you fear most of all is \emdash  fear. Very wise, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry didn\rquote t know what to say to that, so he drank some more tea.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you\rquote ve been thinking that I didn\rquote t believe you capable of fighting the boggart?\rdblquote  said Lupin shrewdly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry. He was suddenly feeling a lot hap\-pier. \ldblquote Professor Lupin, you know the dementors \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was interrupted by a knock on the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come in,\rdblquote  called Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door opened, and in came Snape. He was carrying a goblet, which was smoking faintly, and stopped at the sight of Harry, his black eyes narrowing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, Severus,\rdblquote  said Lupin, smiling. \ldblquote Thanks very much. Could you leave it here on the desk for me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape set down the smoking goblet, his eyes wandering between Harry and Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was just showing Harry my grindylow,\rdblquote  said Lupin pleasantly, pointing at the tank.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fascinating,\rdblquote  said Snape, without looking at it. \ldblquote You should drink that directly, Lupin.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, yes, I will,\rdblquote  said Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I made an entire cauldronful,\rdblquote  Snape continued. \ldblquote If you need more.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I should probably take some again tomorrow. Thanks very much, Severus.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not at all,\rdblquote  said Snape, but there was a look in his eye Harry didn\rquote t like. He backed out of the room, unsmiling and watchful.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked curiously at the goblet. Lupin smiled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Snape has very kindly concocted a potion for me,\rdblquote  he\lang3081  \lang1033 said. \ldblquote I have never been much of a potion-brewer and this one is particularly complex.\rdblquote  He picked up the goblet and sniffed it. \ldblquote Pity sugar makes it useless,\rdblquote  he added, taking a sip and shuddering.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why \emdash  ?\rdblquote  Harry began. Lupin looked at him and answered the unfinished question.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve been feeling a bit off-color,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote This potion is the only thing that helps. I am very lucky to be working alongside Pro\-fessor Snape; there aren\rquote t many wizards who are up to making it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Lupin took another sip and Harry had a crazy urge to knock the goblet out of his hands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Snape\rquote s very interested in the Dark Arts,\rdblquote  he blurted out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Really?\rdblquote  said Lupin, looking only mildly interested as he took another gulp of potion.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Some people reckon \emdash\rdblquote  Harry hesitated, then plunged reck\-lessly on, \ldblquote some people reckon he\rquote d do anything to get the Defense Against the Dark Arts job.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin drained the goblet and pulled a face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Disgusting,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Well, Harry, I\rquote d better get back to work. I\rquote ll see you at the feast later.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry, putting down his empty teacup.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The empty goblet was still smoking.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There you go,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote We got as much as we could carry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A shower of brilliantly colored sweets fell into Harry\rquote s lap. It was dusk, and Ron and Hermione had just turned up in the common room, pink-faced from the cold wind and looking as though they\rquote d had the time of their lives.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thanks,\rdblquote  said Harry, picking up a packet of tiny black Pepper Imps. \ldblquote What\rquote s Hogsmeade like? Where did you go?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 By the sound of it \emdash  everywhere. Dervish and Banges, the wiz\-arding equipment shop, Zonko\rquote s Joke Shop, into the Three Broom\-sticks for foaming mugs of hot butterbeer, and many places besides.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The post office, Harry! About two hundred owls, all sitting on shelves, all color-coded depending on how fast you want your let\-ter to get there!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Honeydukes has got a new kind of fudge; they were giving out free samples, there\rquote s a bit, look \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We \i think\i0  we saw an ogre, honestly, they get all sorts at the Three Broomsticks \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wish we could have brought you some butterbeer, really warms you up \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did you do?\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking anxious. \ldblquote Did you get any work done?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Lupin made me a cup of tea in his office. And then Snape came in. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He told them all about the goblet. Ron\rquote s mouth fell open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Lupin drank it\i0 ?\rdblquote  he gasped. \ldblquote Is he mad?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione checked her watch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote d better go down, you know, the feast\rquote ll be starting in five minutes. \'85\rdblquote  They hurried through the portrait hole and into the crowd, still discussing Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But if he \emdash  you know\rdblquote  \emdash  Hermione dropped her voice, glancing nervously around \emdash  \ldblquote if he \i was\i0  trying to \emdash  to poison Lupin \emdash  he wouldn\rquote t have done it in front of Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, maybe,\rdblquote  said Harry as they reached the entrance hall and\lang3081  \lang1033 crossed into the Great Hall. It had been decorated with hundreds and hundreds of candle-filled pumpkins, a cloud of fluttering live bats, and many flaming orange streamers, which were swimming lazily across the stormy ceiling like brilliant watersnakes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The food was delicious; even Hermione and Ron, who were full to bursting with Honeydukes sweets, managed second helpings of everything. Harry kept glancing at the staff table. Professor Lupin looked cheerful and as well as he ever did; he was talking animat\-edly to tiny little Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher. Harry moved his eyes along the table, to the place where Snape sat. Was he imagining it, or were Snape\rquote s eyes flickering toward Lupin more often than was natural?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The feast finished with an entertainment provided by the Hog\-warts ghosts. They popped out of the walls and tables to do a bit of formation gliding; Nearly Headless Nick, the Gryffindor ghost, had a great success with a reenactment of his own botched be\-heading.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It had been such a pleasant evening that Harry\rquote s good mood couldn\rquote t even be spoiled by Malfoy, who shouted through the crowd as they all left the hall, \ldblquote The dementors send their love, Potter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione followed the rest of the Gryffindors along the usual path to Gryffindor Tower, but when they reached the corridor that ended with the portrait of the Fat Lady, they found it jammed with students.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why isn\rquote t anyone going in?\rdblquote  said Ron curiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry peered over the heads in front of him. The portrait seemed to be closed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let me through, please,\rdblquote  came Percy\rquote s voice, and he came bustling importantly through the crowd. \ldblquote What\rquote s the holdup here? You can\rquote t all have forgotten the password \emdash  excuse me, I\rquote m Head Boy\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then a silence fell over the crowd, from the front first, so that a chill seemed to spread down the corridor. They heard Percy say, in a suddenly sharp voice, \ldblquote Somebody get Professor Dumble\-dore. Quick.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 People\rquote s heads turned; those at the back were standing on tip\-toe.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s going on?\rdblquote  said Ginny, who had just arrived.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A moment later, Professor Dumbledore was there, sweeping toward the portrait; the Gryffindors squeezed together to let him through, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione moved closer to see what the trouble was.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, my \emdash\rdblquote  Hermione grabbed Harry\rquote s arm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Fat Lady had vanished from her portrait, which had been slashed so viciously that strips of canvas littered the floor; great chunks of it had been torn away completely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore took one quick look at the ruined painting and turned, his eyes somber, to see Professors McGonagall, Lupin, and Snape hurrying toward him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We need to find her,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Professor McGona\-gall, please go to Mr. Filch at once and tell him to search every painting in the castle for the Fat Lady.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ll be lucky!\rdblquote  said a cackling voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was Peeves the Poltergeist, bobbing over the crowd and look\-ing delighted, as he always did, at the sight of wreckage or worry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you mean, Peeves?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore calmly, and Peeves\rquote s grin faded a little. He didn\rquote t dare taunt Dumbledore. In\-stead he adopted an oily voice that was no better than his cackle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ashamed, Your Headship, sir. Doesn\rquote t want to be seen. She\rquote s a horrible mess. Saw her running through the landscape up on the fourth floor, sir, dodging between the trees. Crying something dreadful,\rdblquote  he said happily. \ldblquote Poor thing,\rdblquote  he added unconvincingly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did she say who did it?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes, Professorhead,\rdblquote  said Peeves, with the air of one cradling a large bombshell in his arms. \ldblquote He got very angry when she wouldn\rquote t let him in, you see.\rdblquote  Peeves flipped over and grinned at Dumbledore from between his own legs. \ldblquote Nasty temper he\rquote s got, that Sirius Black.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 9\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Grim Defeat\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Professor Dumbledore sent all the Gryffindors back to the Great Hall, where they were joined ten minutes later by the students from Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin, who all looked extremely confused.\par
\ldblquote The teachers and I need to conduct a thorough search of the castle,\rdblquote  Professor Dumbledore told them as Professors McGonagall and Flitwick closed all doors into the hall. \ldblquote I\rquote m afraid that, for your own safety, you will have to spend the night here. I want the pre\-fects to stand guard over the entrances to the hall and I am leaving the Head Boy and Girl in charge. Any disturbance should be re\-ported to me immediately,\rdblquote  he added to Percy, who was looking immensely proud and important. \ldblquote Send word with one of the ghosts.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Dumbledore paused, about to leave the hall, and said, \ldblquote Oh, yes, you\rquote ll be needing \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 One casual wave of his wand and the long tables flew to the edges of the hall and stood themselves against the walls; another wave, and the floor was covered with hundreds of squashy purple sleeping bags.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sleep well,\rdblquote  said Professor Dumbledore, closing the door be\-hind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The hall immediately began to buzz excitedly; the Gryffindors were telling the rest of the school what had just happened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Everyone into their sleeping bags!\rdblquote  shouted Percy. \ldblquote Come on, now, no more talking! Lights out in ten minutes!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote C\rquote mon,\rdblquote  Ron said to Harry and Hermione; they seized three sleeping bags and dragged them into a corner.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you think Black\rquote s still in the castle?\rdblquote  Hermione whispered anxiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore obviously thinks he might be,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s very lucky he picked tonight, you know,\rdblquote  said Hermione as they climbed fully dressed into their sleeping bags and propped themselves on their elbows to talk. \ldblquote The one night we weren\rquote t in the tower. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I reckon he\rquote s lost track of time, being on the run,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Didn\rquote t realize it was Halloween. Otherwise he\rquote d have come burst\-ing in here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione shuddered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 All around them, people were asking one another the same ques\-tion: \ldblquote\i How did he get in\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe he knows how to Apparate,\rdblquote  said a Ravenclaw a few feet away. \ldblquote Just appear out of thin air, you know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Disguised himself, probably,\rdblquote  said a Hufflepuff fifth year.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He could\rquote ve flown in,\rdblquote  suggested Dean Thomas.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Honestly, am I the \i only\i0  person who\rquote s ever bothered to read \i Hogwarts, A History\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Hermione crossly to Harry and Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Probably,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because the castle\rquote s protected by more than \i walls,\i0  you know,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote There are all sorts of enchantments on it, to stop people entering by stealth. You can\rquote t just Apparate in here. And I\rquote d like to see the disguise that could fool those dementors. They\rquote re guarding every single entrance to the grounds. They\rquote d have seen him fly in too. And Filch knows all the secret passages, they\rquote ll have them covered. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The lights are going out now!\rdblquote  Percy shouted. \ldblquote I want everyone in their sleeping bags and no more talking!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The candles all went out at once. The only light now came from the silvery ghosts, who were drifting about talking seriously to the prefects, and the enchanted ceiling, which, like the sky outside, was scattered with stars. What with that, and the whispering that still filled the hall, Harry felt as though he were sleeping outdoors in a light wind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Once every hour, a teacher would reappear in the hall to check that everything was quiet. Around three in the morning, when many students had finally fallen asleep, Professor Dumbledore came in. Harry watched him looking around for Percy, who had been prowling between the sleeping bags, telling people off for talking. Percy was only a short way away from Harry, Ron, and Hermione, who quickly pretended to be asleep as Dumbledore\rquote s footsteps drew nearer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Any sign of him, Professor?\rdblquote  asked Percy in a whisper.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No. All well here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Everything under control, sir.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good. There\rquote s no point moving them all now. I\rquote ve found a tem\-porary guardian for the Gryffindor portrait hole. You\rquote ll be able to move them back in tomorrow.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And the Fat Lady, sir?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hiding in a map of Argyllshire on the second floor. Apparently she refused to let Black in without the password, so he attacked. She\rquote s still very distressed, but once she\rquote s calmed down, I\rquote ll have Mr. Filch restore her.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry heard the door of the hall creak open again, and more footsteps.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Headmaster?\rdblquote  It was Snape. Harry kept quite still, listening hard. \ldblquote The whole of the third floor has been searched. He\rquote s not there. And Filch has done the dungeons; nothing there either.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What about the Astronomy tower? Professor Trelawney\rquote s room? The Owlery?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All searched \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well, Severus. I didn\rquote t really expect Black to linger.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have you any theory as to how he got in, Professor?\rdblquote  asked Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry raised his head very slightly off his arms to free his other ear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Many, Severus, each of them as unlikely as the next.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry opened his eyes a fraction and squinted up to where they stood; Dumbledore\rquote s back was to him, but he could see Percy\rquote s face, rapt with attention, and Snape\rquote s profile, which looked angry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You remember the conversation we had, Headmaster, just\lang3081  \lang1033 before \emdash  ah \emdash  the start of term?\rdblquote  said Snape, who was barely open\-ing his lips, as though trying to block Percy out of the conversation.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I do, Severus,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, and there was something like warning in his voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It seems \emdash  almost impossible \emdash  that Black could have entered the school without inside help. I did express my concerns when you appointed \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I do not believe a single person inside this castle would have helped Black enter it,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, and his tone made it so clear that the subject was closed that Snape didn\rquote t reply. \ldblquote I must go down to the dementors,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote I said I would inform them when our search was complete.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Didn\rquote t they want to help, sir?\rdblquote  said Percy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore coldly. \ldblquote But I\rquote m afraid no dementor will cross the threshold of this castle while I am headmaster.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Percy looked slightly abashed. Dumbledore left the hall, walking quickly and quietly. Snape stood for a moment, watching the head\-master with an expression of deep resentment on his face; then he too left.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glanced sideways at Ron and Hermione. Both of them had their eyes open too, reflecting the starry ceiling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What was all that about?\rdblquote  Ron mouthed.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 The school talked of nothing but Sirius Black for the next few days. The theories about how he had entered the castle became wilder and wilder; Hannah Abbott, from Hufflepuff, spent much of their next Herbology class telling anyone who\rquote d listen that Black could turn into a flowering shrub.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Fat Lady\rquote s ripped canvas had been taken off the wall and\lang3081  \lang1033 replaced with the portrait of Sir Cadogan and his fat gray pony. Nobody was very happy about this. Sir Cadogan spent half his time challenging people to duels, and the rest thinking up ridiculously complicated passwords, which he changed at least twice a day.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s a complete lunatic,\rdblquote  said Seamus Finnigan angrily to Percy. \ldblquote Can\rquote t we get anyone else?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote None of the other pictures wanted the job,\rdblquote  said Percy. \ldblquote Fright\-ened of what happened to the Fat Lady. Sir Cadogan was the only one brave enough to volunteer.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sir Cadogan, however, was the least of Harry\rquote s worries. He was now being closely watched. Teachers found excuses to walk along corridors with him, and Percy Weasley (acting, Harry suspected, on his mother\rquote s orders) was tailing him everywhere like an ex\-tremely pompous guard dog. To cap it all, Professor McGonagall summoned Harry into her office, with such a somber expression on her face Harry thought someone must have died.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s no point hiding it from you any longer, Potter,\rdblquote  she said in a very serious voice. \ldblquote I know this will come as a shock to you, but Sirius Black \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know he\rquote s after me,\rdblquote  said Harry wearily. \ldblquote I heard Ron\rquote s dad telling his mum. Mr. Weasley works for the Ministry of Magic.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall seemed very taken aback. She stared at Harry for a moment or two, then said, \ldblquote I see! Well, in that case, Potter, you\rquote ll understand why I don\rquote t think it\rquote s a good idea for you to be practicing Quidditch in the evenings. Out on the field with only your team members, it\rquote s very exposed, Potter \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve got our first match on Saturday!\rdblquote  said Harry, outraged. \ldblquote I\rquote ve got to train, Professor!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall considered him intently. Harry knew she\lang3081  \lang1033 was deeply interested in the Gryffindor team\rquote s prospects; it had been she, after all, who\rquote d suggested him as Seeker in the first place. He waited, holding his breath.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hmm \'85\rdblquote  Professor McGonagall stood up and stared out of the window at the Quidditch field, just visible through the rain. \ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 goodness knows, I\rquote d like to see us win the Cup at last\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 but all the same, Potter \'85 I\rquote d be happier if a teacher were present. I\rquote ll ask Madam Hooch to oversee your training sessions.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 The weather worsened steadily as the first Quidditch match drew nearer. Undaunted, the Gryffindor team was training harder than ever under the eye of Madam Hooch. Then, at their final training session before Saturday\rquote s match, Oliver Wood gave his team some unwelcome news.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re not playing Slytherin!\rdblquote  he told them, looking very angry. \ldblquote Flint\rquote s just been to see me. We\rquote re playing Hufflepuff instead.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why?\rdblquote  chorused the rest of the team.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Flint\rquote s excuse is that their Seeker\rquote s arm\rquote s still injured,\rdblquote  said Wood, grinding his teeth furiously. \ldblquote But it\rquote s obvious why they\rquote re doing it. Don\rquote t want to play in this weather. Think it\rquote ll damage their chances. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There had been strong winds and heavy rain all day, and as Wood spoke, they heard a distant rumble of thunder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s \i nothing wrong\i0  with Malfoy\rquote s arm!\rdblquote  said Harry furiously. \ldblquote He\rquote s faking it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know that, but we can\rquote t prove it,\rdblquote  said Wood bitterly. \ldblquote And we\rquote ve been practicing all those moves assuming we\rquote re playing Slytherin, and instead it\rquote s Hufflepuff, and their style\rquote s quite differ\-ent. They\rquote ve got a new Captain and Seeker, Cedric Diggory \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Angelina, Alicia, and Katie suddenly giggled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Wood, frowning at this lighthearted behavior.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s that tall, good-looking one, isn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  said Angelina.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Strong and silent,\rdblquote  said Katie, and they started to giggle again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s only silent because he\rquote s too thick to string two words to\-gether,\rdblquote  said Fred impatiently. \ldblquote I don\rquote t know why you\rquote re worried, Oliver, Hufflepuff is a pushover. Last time we played them, Harry caught the Snitch in about five minutes, remember?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We were playing in completely different conditions!\rdblquote  Wood shouted, his eyes bulging slightly. \ldblquote Diggory\rquote s put a very strong side together! He\rquote s an excellent Seeker! I was afraid you\rquote d take it like this! We mustn\rquote t relax! We must keep our focus! Slytherin is trying to wrong-foot us! We \i must\i0  win!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oliver, calm down!\rdblquote  said Fred, looking slightly alarmed. \ldblquote We\rquote re taking Hufflepuff very seriously. \i Seriously.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 The day before the match, the winds reached howling point and the rain fell harder than ever. It was so dark inside the corridors and classrooms that extra torches and lanterns were lit. The Slytherin team was looking very smug indeed, and none more so than Malfoy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, if only my arm was feeling a bit better!\rdblquote  he sighed as the gale outside pounded the windows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had no room in his head to worry about anything except the match tomorrow. Oliver Wood kept hurrying up to him be\-tween classes and giving him tips. The third time this happened, Wood talked for so long that Harry suddenly realized he was ten minutes late for Defense Against the Dark Arts, and set off at a run with Wood shouting after him, \ldblquote Diggory\rquote s got a very fast swerve, Harry, so you might want to try looping him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry skidded to a halt outside the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom, pulled the door open, and dashed inside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry I\rquote m late, Professor Lupin, I \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But it wasn\rquote t Professor Lupin who looked up at him from the teacher\rquote s desk; it was Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This lesson began ten minutes ago, Potter, so I think we\rquote ll make it ten points from Gryffindor. Sit down.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry didn\rquote t move.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote s Professor Lupin?\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He says he is feeling too ill to teach today,\rdblquote  said Snape with a twisted smile. \ldblquote I believe I told you to sit down?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry stayed where he was.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s wrong with him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape\rquote s black eyes glittered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing life-threatening,\rdblquote  he said, looking as though he wished it were. \ldblquote Five more points from Gryffindor, and if I have to ask you to sit down again, it will be fifty.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry walked slowly to his seat and sat down. Snape looked around at the class.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As I was saying before Potter interrupted, Professor Lupin has not left any record of the topics you have covered so far \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Please, sir, we\rquote ve done boggarts, Red Caps, kappas, and grindy\-lows,\rdblquote  said Hermione quickly, \ldblquote and we\rquote re just about to start \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Be quiet,\rdblquote  said Snape coldly. \ldblquote I did not ask for information. I was merely commenting on Professor Lupin\rquote s lack of organi\-zation.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s the best Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher we\rquote ve ever had,\rdblquote  said Dean Thomas boldly, and there was a murmur of agreement from the rest of the class. Snape looked more menacing than ever.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You are easily satisfied. Lupin is hardly overtaxing you \emdash  I would expect first years to be able to deal with Red Caps and grindylows. Today we shall discuss \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry watched him flick through the textbook, to the very back chapter, which he must know they hadn\rquote t covered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  werewolves,\rdblquote  said Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But, sir,\rdblquote  said Hermione, seemingly unable to restrain herself, \ldblquote we\rquote re not supposed to do werewolves yet, we\rquote re due to start hinky\-punks \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Miss Granger,\rdblquote  said Snape in a voice of deadly calm, \ldblquote I was un\-der the impression that I am teaching this lesson, not you. And I am telling you all to turn to page 394.\rdblquote  He glanced around again. \ldblquote\i All\i0  of you! \i Now\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With many bitter sidelong looks and some sullen muttering, the class opened their books.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Which of you can tell me how we distinguish between the werewolf and the true wolf?\rdblquote  said Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Everyone sat in motionless silence; everyone except Hermione, whose hand, as it so often did, had shot straight into the air.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anyone?\rdblquote  Snape said, ignoring Hermione. His twisted smile was back. \ldblquote Are you telling me that Professor Lupin hasn\rquote t even taught you the basic distinction between \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We told you,\rdblquote  said Parvati suddenly, \ldblquote we haven\rquote t got as far as werewolves yet, we\rquote re still on \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Silence\i0 !\rdblquote  snarled Snape. \ldblquote Well, well, well, I never thought I\rquote d meet a third-year class who wouldn\rquote t even recognize a werewolf\lang3081  \lang1033 when they saw one. I shall make a point of informing Professor Dumbledore how very behind you all are. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Please, sir,\rdblquote  said Hermione, whose hand was still in the air, \ldblquote the werewolf differs from the true wolf in several small ways. The snout of the werewolf\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That is the second time you have spoken out of turn, Miss Granger,\rdblquote  said Snape coolly. \ldblquote Five more points from Gryffindor for being an insufferable know-it-all.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione went very red, put down her hand, and stared at the floor with her eyes full of tears. It was a mark of how much the class loathed Snape that they were all glaring at him, because every one of them had called Hermione a know-it-all at least once, and Ron, who told Hermione she was a know-it-all at least twice a week, said loudly, \ldblquote You asked us a question and she knows the answer! Why ask if you don\rquote t want to be told?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The class knew instantly he\rquote d gone too far. Snape advanced on Ron slowly, and the room held its breath.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Detention, Weasley,\rdblquote  Snape said silkily, his face very close to Ron\rquote s. \ldblquote And if I ever hear you criticize the way I teach a class again, you will be very sorry indeed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 No one made a sound throughout the rest of the lesson. They sat and made notes on werewolves from the textbook, while Snape prowled up and down the rows of desks, examining the work they had been doing with Professor Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very poorly explained \'85 That is incorrect, the kappa is more commonly found in Mongolia. \'85 Professor Lupin gave this eight out of\lang3081  \lang1033 ten? I wouldn\rquote t have given it three. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When the bell rang at last, Snape held them back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You will each write an essay, to be handed in to me, on the ways you recognize and kill werewolves. I want two rolls of parchment on the subject, and I want them by Monday morning. It is time somebody took this class in hand. Weasley, stay behind, we need to arrange your detention.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Hermione left the room with the rest of the class, who waited until they were well out of earshot, then burst into a furious tirade about Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snape\rquote s never been like this with any of our other Defense Against the Dark Arts teachers, even if he did want the job,\rdblquote  Harry said to Hermione. \ldblquote Why\rquote s he got it in for Lupin? D\rquote you think this is all because of the boggart?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  said Hermione pensively. \ldblquote But I really hope Pro\-fessor Lupin gets better soon. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron caught up with them five minutes later, in a towering rage.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote D\rquote you know what that \emdash\rdblquote  (he called Snape something that made Hermione say \ldblquote\i Ron\i0 !\lang3081\rdblquote\lang1033 ) \ldblquote\emdash  is making me do? I\rquote ve got to scrub out the bedpans in the hospital wing. \i Without magic\i0 !\rdblquote  He was breathing deeply, his fists clenched. \ldblquote Why couldn\rquote t Black have hidden in Snape\rquote s office, eh? He could have finished him off for us!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry woke extremely early the next morning; so early that it was still dark. For a moment he thought the roaring of the wind had woken him. Then he felt a cold breeze on the back of his neck and sat bolt upright \emdash  Peeves the Poltergeist had been floating next to him, blowing hard in his ear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did you do that for?\rdblquote  said Harry furiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Peeves puffed out his cheeks, blew hard, and zoomed backward out of the room, cackling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry fumbled for his alarm clock and looked at it. It was half past four. Cursing Peeves, he rolled over and tried to get back to sleep, but it was very difficult, now that he was awake, to ignore the sounds of the thunder rumbling overhead, the pounding of the wind against the castle walls, and the distant creaking of the trees in the Forbidden Forest. In a few hours he would be out on the Quidditch field, battling through that gale. Finally, he gave up any thought of more sleep, got up, dressed, picked up his Nimbus Two Thousand, and walked quietly out of the dormitory.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Harry opened the door, something brushed against his leg. He bent down just in time to grab Crookshanks by the end of his bushy tail and drag him outside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know, I reckon Ron was right about you,\rdblquote  Harry told Crook\-shanks suspiciously. \ldblquote There are plenty of mice around this place \emdash  go and chase them. Go on,\rdblquote  he added, nudging Crookshanks down the spiral staircase with his foot. \ldblquote Leave Scabbers alone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The noise of the storm was even louder in the common room. Harry knew better than to think the match would be canceled; Quidditch matches weren\rquote t called off for trifles like thunderstorms. Nevertheless, he was starting to feel very apprehensive. Wood had pointed out Cedric Diggory to him in the corridor; Diggory was a fifth year and a lot bigger than Harry. Seekers were usually light and speedy, but Diggory\rquote s weight would be an advantage in this weather because he was less likely to be blown off course.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry whiled away the hours until dawn in front of the fire, get\-ting up every now and then to stop Crookshanks from sneaking up\lang3081  \lang1033 the boys\rquote  staircase again. At long last Harry thought it must be time for breakfast, so he headed through the portrait hole alone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stand and fight, you mangy cur!\rdblquote  yelled Sir Cadogan.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, shut up,\rdblquote  Harry yawned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He revived a bit over a large bowl of porridge, and by the time he\rquote d started on toast, the rest of the team had turned up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s going to be a tough one,\rdblquote  said Wood, who wasn\rquote t eating anything.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stop worrying, Oliver,\rdblquote  said Alicia soothingly, \ldblquote we don\rquote t mind a bit of rain.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But it was considerably more than a bit of rain. Such was the popularity of Quidditch that the whole school turned out to watch the match as usual, but they ran down the lawns toward the Quid\-ditch field, heads bowed against the ferocious wind, umbrellas be\-ing whipped out of their hands as they went. Just before he entered the locker room, Harry saw Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, laughing and pointing at him from under an enormous umbrella on their way to the stadium.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The team changed into their scarlet robes and waited for Wood\rquote s usual pre-match pep talk, but it didn\rquote t come. He tried to speak sev\-eral times, made an odd gulping noise, then shook his head hope\-lessly and beckoned them to follow him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The wind was so strong that they staggered sideways as they walked out onto the field. If the crowd was cheering, they couldn\rquote t hear it over the fresh rolls of thunder. Rain was splattering over Harry\rquote s glasses. How on earth was he going to see the Snitch in this?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Hufflepuffs were approaching from the opposite side of the\lang3081  \lang1033 field, wearing canary-yellow robes. The Captains walked up to each other and shook hands; Diggory smiled at Wood but Wood now looked as though he had lockjaw and merely nodded. Harry saw Madam Hooch\rquote s mouth form the words, \ldblquote Mount your brooms.\rdblquote  He pulled his right foot out of the mud with a squelch and swung it over his Nimbus Two Thousand. Madam Hooch put her whistle to her lips and gave it a blast that sounded shrill and distant \emdash  they were off.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry rose fast, but his Nimbus was swerving slightly with the wind. He held it as steady as he could and turned, squinting into the rain.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Within five minutes Harry was soaked to his skin and frozen, hardly able to see his teammates, let alone the tiny Snitch. He flew backward and forward across the field past blurred red and yellow shapes, with no idea of what was happening in the rest of the game. He couldn\rquote t hear the commentary over the wind. The crowd was hidden beneath a sea of cloaks and battered umbrellas. Twice Harry came very close to being unseated by a Bludger; his vision was so clouded by the rain on his glasses he hadn\rquote t seen them coming.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He lost track of time. It was getting harder and harder to hold his broom straight. The sky was getting darker, as though night had decided to come early. Twice Harry nearly hit another player, with\-out knowing whether it was a teammate or opponent; everyone was now so wet, and the rain so thick, he could hardly tell them apart. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With the first flash of lightning came the sound of Madam Hooch\rquote s whistle; Harry could just see the outline of Wood through the thick rain, gesturing him to the ground. The whole team splashed down into the mud.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I called for time-out!\rdblquote  Wood roared at his team. \ldblquote Come on, un\-der here \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They huddled at the edge of the field under a large umbrella; Harry took off his glasses and wiped them hurriedly on his robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s the score?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re fifty points up,\rdblquote  said Wood, \ldblquote but unless we get the Snitch soon, we\rquote ll be playing into the night.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve got no chance with these on,\rdblquote  Harry said exasperatedly, waving his glasses.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At that very moment, Hermione appeared at his shoulder; she was holding her cloak over her head and was, inexplicably, beam\-ing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve had an idea, Harry! Give me your glasses, quick!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He handed them to her, and as the team watched in amazement, Hermione tapped them with her wand and said, \ldblquote\i Impervius\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There!\rdblquote  she said, handing them back to Harry. \ldblquote They\rquote ll repel water!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Wood looked as though he could have kissed her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Brilliant!\rdblquote  he called hoarsely after her as she disappeared into the crowd. \ldblquote Okay, team, let\rquote s go for it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione\rquote s spell had done the trick. Harry was still numb with cold, still wetter than he\rquote d ever been in his life, but he could see. Full of fresh determination, he urged his broom through the tur\-bulent air, staring in every direction for the Snitch, avoiding a Bludger, ducking beneath Diggory, who was streaking in the oppo\-site direction. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was another clap of thunder, followed immediately by forked lightning. This was getting more and more dangerous. Harry needed to get the Snitch quickly \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned, intending to head back toward the middle of the field, but at that moment, another flash of lightning illuminated the stands, and Harry saw something that distracted him completely \emdash  the silhouette of an enormous shaggy black dog, clearly imprinted against the sky, motionless in the topmost, empty row of seats.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s numb hands slipped on the broom handle and his Nim\-bus dropped a few feet. Shaking his sodden bangs out of his eyes, he squinted back into the stands. The dog had vanished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  came Wood\rquote s anguished yell from the Gryffindor goal posts. \ldblquote Harry, behind you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked wildly around. Cedric Diggory was pelting up the field, and a tiny speck of gold was shimmering in the rain-filled air between them \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With a jolt of panic, Harry threw himself flat to the broom-handle and zoomed toward the Snitch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on!\rdblquote  he growled at his Nimbus as the rain whipped his face. \ldblquote\i Faster\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But something odd was happening. An eerie silence was falling across the stadium. The wind, though as strong as ever, was forget\-ting to roar. It was as though someone had turned off the sound, as though Harry had gone suddenly deaf\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  what was going on?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then a horribly familiar wave of cold swept over him, inside him, just as he became aware of something moving on the field below. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Before he\rquote d had time to think, Harry had taken his eyes off the Snitch and looked down.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At least a hundred dementors, their hidden faces pointing up at him, were standing beneath him. It was as though freezing water\lang3081  \lang1033 were rising in his chest, cutting at his insides. And then he heard it again. \'85 Someone was screaming, screaming inside his head \'85 a woman \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Not Harry, not Harry, please not Harry\i0 !\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Stand aside, you silly girl\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 \i stand aside, now. \'85\i0\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\i Not Harry, please no, take me, kill me instead\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\par
Numbing, swirling white mist was filling Harry\rquote s brain. \'85 What was he doing? Why was he flying? He needed to help her. \'85 She was going to die. \'85 She was going to be murdered. \'85\par
He was falling, falling through the icy mist.\par
\ldblquote\i Not Harry\i0 ! \i Please\i0  \'85 \i have mercy\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 \i have mercy. \'85\i0\rdblquote\par
A shrill voice was laughing, the woman was screaming, and Harry knew no more.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lucky the ground was so soft.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought he was dead for sure.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But he didn\rquote t even break his glasses.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could hear the voices whispering, but they made no sense whatsoever. He didn\rquote t have a clue where he was, or how he\rquote d got there, or what he\rquote d been doing before he got there. All he knew was that every inch of him was aching as though it had been beaten.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was the scariest thing I\rquote ve ever seen in my life.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Scariest \'85 the scariest thing \'85 hooded black figures \'85 cold \'85 screaming \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s eyes snapped open. He was lying in the hospital wing. The Gryffindor Quidditch team, spattered with mud from head to foot, was gathered around his bed. Ron and Hermione were also there, looking as though they\rquote d just climbed out of a swimming pool.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  said Fred, who looked extremely white underneath the mud. \ldblquote How\rquote re you feeling?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was as though Harry\rquote s memory was on fast forward. The light\-ning \emdash  the Grim \emdash  the Snitch \emdash  and the dementors \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What happened?\rdblquote  he said, sitting up so suddenly they all gasped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You fell off,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote Must\rquote ve been \emdash  what \emdash  fifty feet?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We thought you\rquote d died,\rdblquote  said Alicia, who was shaking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione made a small, squeaky noise. Her eyes were extremely bloodshot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But the match,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote What happened? Are we doing a replay?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 No one said anything. The horrible truth sank into Harry like a stone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We didn\rquote t \emdash  \i lose\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Diggory got the Snitch,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote Just after you fell. He didn\rquote t realize what had happened. When he looked back and saw you on the ground, he tried to call it off. Wanted a rematch. But they won fair and square \'85 even Wood admits it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where is Wood?\rdblquote  said Harry, suddenly realizing he wasn\rquote t there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Still in the showers,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote We think he\rquote s trying to drown himself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry put his face to his knees, his hands gripping his hair. Fred grabbed his shoulder and shook it roughly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote C\rquote mon, Harry, you\rquote ve never missed the Snitch before.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There had to be one time you didn\rquote t get it,\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not over yet,\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote We lost by a hundred points,\lang3081  \lang1033 right? So if Hufflepuff loses to Ravenclaw and we beat Ravenclaw and Slytherin \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hufflepuff\rquote ll have to lose by at least two hundred points,\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But if they beat Ravenclaw \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No way, Ravenclaw is too good. But if Slytherin loses against Hufflepuff\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It all depends on the points \emdash  a margin of a hundred either way \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry lay there, not saying a word. They had lost\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 for the first time ever, he had lost a Quidditch match.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After ten minutes or so, Madam Pomfrey came over to tell the team to leave him in peace.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll come and see you later,\rdblquote  Fred told him. \ldblquote Don\rquote t beat your\-self up, Harry, you\rquote re still the best Seeker we\rquote ve ever had.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The team trooped out, trailing mud behind them. Madam Pom\-frey shut the door behind them, looking disapproving. Ron and Hermione moved nearer to Harry\rquote s bed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore was really angry,\rdblquote  Hermione said in a quaking voice. \ldblquote I\rquote ve never seen him like that before. He ran onto the field as you fell, waved his wand, and you sort of slowed down before you hit the ground. Then he whirled his wand at the dementors. Shot silver stuff at them. They left the stadium right away. \'85 He was furious they\rquote d come onto the grounds. We heard him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then he magicked you onto a stretcher,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote And walked up to school with you floating on it. Everyone thought you were \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His voice faded, but Harry hardly noticed. He was thinking\lang3081  \lang1033 about what the dementors had done to him \'85 about the scream\-ing voice. He looked up and saw Ron and Hermione looking at him so anxiously that he quickly cast around for something matter-of-fact to say.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did someone get my Nimbus?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione looked quickly at each other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry, looking from one to the other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well \'85 when you fell off, it got blown away,\rdblquote  said Hermione hesitantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And it hit \emdash  it hit \emdash  oh, Harry \emdash  it hit the Whomping Wil\-low.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s insides lurched. The Whomping Willow was a very vio\-lent tree that stood alone in the middle of the grounds.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And?\rdblquote  he said, dreading the answer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, you know the Whomping Willow,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote It \emdash  it doesn\rquote t like being hit.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Flitwick brought it back just before you came around,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a very small voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slowly, she reached down for a bag at her feet, turned it upside down, and tipped a dozen bits of splintered wood and twig onto the bed, the only remains of Harry\rquote s faithful, finally beaten broom\-stick.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 10\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Marauder\rquote s Map\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Madam Pomfrey insisted on keeping Harry in the hospital wing for the rest of the weekend. He didn\rquote t argue or complain, but he wouldn\rquote t let her throw away the shattered rem\-nants of his Nimbus Two Thousand. He knew he was being stupid, knew that the Nimbus was beyond repair, but Harry couldn\rquote t help it; he felt as though he\rquote d lost one of his best friends.\par
He had a stream of visitors, all intent on cheering him up. Ha\-grid sent him a bunch of earwiggy flowers that looked like yellow cabbages, and Ginny Weasley, blushing furiously, turned up with a get-well card she had made herself, which sang shrilly unless Harry kept it shut under his bowl of fruit. The Gryffindor team visited again on Sunday morning, this time accompanied by Wood, who told Harry (in a hollow, dead sort of voice) that he didn\rquote t blame him in the slightest. Ron and Hermione left Harry\rquote s bedside only at night. But nothing anyone said or did could make Harry feel any better, because they knew only half of what was troubling him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He hadn\rquote t told anyone about the Grim, not even Ron and Hermione, because he knew Ron would panic and Hermione would scoff. The fact remained, however, that it had now appeared twice, and both appearances had been followed by near-fatal acci\-dents; the first time, he had nearly been run over by the Knight Bus; the second, fallen fifty feet from his broomstick. Was the Grim going to haunt him until he actually died? Was he going to spend the rest of his life looking over his shoulder for the beast?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then there were the dementors. Harry felt sick and humili\-ated every time he thought of them. Everyone said the dementors were horrible, but no one else collapsed every time they went near one. No one else heard echoes in their head of their dying parents.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Because Harry knew who that screaming voice belonged to now. He had heard her words, heard them over and over again during the night hours in the hospital wing while he lay awake, staring at the strips of moonlight on the ceiling. When the dementors ap\-proached him, he heard the last moments of his mother\rquote s life, her attempts to protect him, Harry, from Lord Voldemort, and Volde\-mort\rquote s laughter before he murdered her. \'85 Harry dozed fitfully, sinking into dreams full of clammy, rotted hands and petrified pleading, jerking awake to dwell again on his mother\rquote s voice.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 It was a relief to return to the noise and bustle of the main school on Monday, where he was forced to think about other things, even if he had to endure Draco Malfoy\rquote s taunting. Malfoy was almost beside himself with glee at Gryffindor\rquote s defeat. He had finally taken off his bandages, and celebrated having the full use of both arms again by doing spirited imitations of Harry falling off his broom.\lang3081  \lang1033 Malfoy spent much of their next Potions class doing dementor im\-itations across the dungeon; Ron finally cracked and flung a large, slippery crocodile heart at Malfoy, which hit him in the face and caused Snape to take fifty points from Gryffindor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If Snape\rquote s teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts again, I\rquote m skiving off,\rdblquote  said Ron as they headed toward Lupin\rquote s classroom af\-ter lunch. \ldblquote Check who\rquote s in there, Hermione.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione peered around the classroom door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s okay!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Lupin was back at work. It certainly looked as though he had been ill. His old robes were hanging more loosely on him and there were dark shadows beneath his eyes; nevertheless, he smiled at the class as they took their seats, and they burst at once into an explosion of complaints about Snape\rquote s behavior while Lupin had been ill.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not fair, he was only filling in, why should he give us home\-work?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We don\rquote t know anything about werewolves \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  two rolls of parchment!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you tell Professor Snape we haven\rquote t covered them yet?\rdblquote  Lupin asked, frowning slightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The babble broke out again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, but he said we were really behind \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  he wouldn\rquote t listen \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  \i two rolls of parchment\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Lupin smiled at the look of indignation on every face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t worry. I\rquote ll speak to Professor Snape. You don\rquote t have to do the essay.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \i no,\i0\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking very disappointed. \ldblquote I\rquote ve al\-ready finished it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had a very enjoyable lesson. Professor Lupin had brought along a glass box containing a hinkypunk, a little one-legged crea\-ture who looked as though he were made of wisps of smoke, rather frail and harmless-looking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lures travelers into bogs,\rdblquote  said Professor Lupin as they took notes. \ldblquote You notice the lantern dangling from his hand? Hops ahead \emdash\lang3081  \lang1033 people follow the light \emdash  then \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The hinkypunk made a horrible squelching noise against the glass.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When the bell rang, everyone gathered up their things and headed for the door, Harry among them, but \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait a moment, Harry,\rdblquote  Lupin called. \ldblquote I\rquote d like a word.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry doubled back and watched Professor Lupin covering the hinkypunk\rquote s box with a cloth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I heard about the match,\rdblquote  said Lupin, turning back to his desk and starting to pile books into his briefcase, \ldblquote and I\rquote m sorry about your broomstick. Is there any chance of fixing it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote The tree smashed it to bits.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin sighed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They planted the Whomping Willow the same year that I arrived at Hogwarts. People used to play a game, trying to get near enough to touch the trunk. In the end, a boy called Davey Gudgeon nearly lost an eye, and we were forbidden to go near it. No broomstick would have a chance.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you hear about the dementors too?\rdblquote  said Harry with diffi\-culty.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin looked at him quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I did. I don\rquote t think any of us have seen Professor Dumble\-dore that angry. They have been growing restless for some time \'85 furious at his refusal to let them inside the grounds. \'85 I suppose they were the reason you fell?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry. He hesitated, and then the question he had to ask burst from him before he could stop himself. \ldblquote\i Why\i0 ? Why do they affect me like that? Am I just \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It has nothing to do with weakness,\rdblquote  said Professor Lupin sharply, as though he had read Harry\rquote s mind. \ldblquote The dementors af\-fect you worse than the others because there are horrors in your past that the others don\rquote t have.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A ray of wintery sunlight fell across the classroom, illuminating Lupin\rquote s gray hairs and the lines on his young face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dementors are among the foulest creatures that walk this earth. They infest the darkest, filthiest places, they glory in decay and de\-spair, they drain peace, hope, and happiness out of the air around them. Even Muggles feel their presence, though they can\rquote t see them. Get too near a dementor and every good feeling, every happy memory will be sucked out of you. If it can, the dementor will feed on you long enough to reduce you to something like it\-self \'85 soul-less and evil. You\rquote ll be left with nothing but the worst experiences of your life. And the worst that happened to \i you,\i0  Harry, is enough to make anyone fall off their broom. You have nothing to feel ashamed of.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote When they get near me \emdash\rdblquote  Harry stared at Lupin\rquote s desk, his throat tight. \ldblquote I can hear Voldemort murdering my mum.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin made a sudden motion with his arm as though to grip\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry\rquote s shoulder, but thought better of it. There was a moment\rquote s si\-lence, then \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why did they have to come to the match?\rdblquote  said Harry bitterly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re getting hungry,\rdblquote  said Lupin coolly, shutting his briefcase with a snap. \ldblquote Dumbledore won\rquote t let them into the school, so their supply of human prey has dried up. \'85 I don\rquote t think they could resist the large crowd around the Quidditch field. All that excite\-ment \'85 emotions running high \'85 it was their idea of a feast.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Azkaban must be terrible,\rdblquote  Harry muttered. Lupin nodded grimly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The fortress is set on a tiny island, way out to sea, but they don\rquote t need walls and water to keep the prisoners in, not when they\rquote re all trapped inside their own heads, incapable of a single cheerful thought. Most of them go mad within weeks.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Sirius Black escaped from them,\rdblquote  Harry said slowly. \ldblquote He got away. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin\rquote s briefcase slipped from the desk; he had to stoop quickly to catch it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  he said, straightening up, \ldblquote Black must have found a way to fight them. I wouldn\rquote t have believed it possible. \'85 Dementors are supposed to drain a wizard of his powers if he is left with them too long. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i You\i0  made that dementor on the train back off,\rdblquote  said Harry sud\-denly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There are \emdash  certain defenses one can use,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote But there was only one dementor on the train. The more there are, the more difficult it becomes to resist.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What defenses?\rdblquote  said Harry at once. \ldblquote Can you teach me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t pretend to be an expert at fighting dementors, Harry \'85 quite the contrary. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But if the dementors come to another Quidditch match, I need to be able to fight them \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin looked into Harry\rquote s determined face, hesitated, then said, \ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 all right. I\rquote ll try and help. But it\rquote ll have to wait until next term, I\rquote m afraid. I have a lot to do before the holidays. I chose a very inconvenient time to fall ill.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 What with the promise of anti-dementor lessons from Lupin, the thought that he might never have to hear his mother\rquote s death again, and the fact that Ravenclaw flattened Hufflepuff in their Quid\-ditch match at the end of November, Harry\rquote s mood took a definite upturn. Gryffindor were not out of the running after all, although they could not afford to lose another match. Wood became repos\-sessed of his manic energy, and worked his team as hard as ever in the chilly haze of rain that persisted into December. Harry saw no hint of a dementor within the grounds. Dumbledore\rquote s anger seemed to be keeping them at their stations at the entrances.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Two weeks before the end of the term, the sky lightened sud\-denly to a dazzling, opaline white and the muddy grounds were re\-vealed one morning covered in glittering frost. Inside the castle, there was a buzz of Christmas in the air. Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, had already decorated his classroom with shim\-mering lights that turned out to be real, fluttering fairies. The stu\-dents were all happily discussing their plans for the holidays. Both Ron and Hermione had decided to remain at Hogwarts, and though Ron said it was because he couldn\rquote t stand two weeks with\lang3081  \lang1033 Percy, and Hermione insisted she needed to use the library, Harry wasn\rquote t fooled; they were doing it to keep him company, and he was very grateful.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 To everyone\rquote s delight except Harry\rquote s, there was to be another Hogsmeade trip on the very last weekend of the term.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We can do all our Christmas shopping there!\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Mum and Dad would really love those Toothflossing Stringmints from Honeydukes!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Resigned to the fact that he would be the only third year staying behind again, Harry borrowed a copy of \i Which Broomstick\i0  from Wood, and decided to spend the day reading up on the different makes. He had been riding one of the school brooms at team prac\-tice, an ancient Shooting Star, which was very slow and jerky; he definitely needed a new broom of his own.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 On the Saturday morning of the Hogsmeade trip, Harry bid good-bye to Ron and Hermione, who were wrapped in cloaks and scarves, then turned up the marble staircase alone, and headed back toward Gryffindor Tower. Snow had started to fall outside the win\-dows, and the castle was very still and quiet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Psst \emdash  Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned, halfway along the third-floor corridor, to see Fred and George peering out at him from behind a statue of a hump\-backed, one-eyed witch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you doing?\rdblquote  said Harry curiously. \ldblquote How come you\rquote re not going to Hogsmeade?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve come to give you a bit of festive cheer before we go,\rdblquote  said Fred, with a mysterious wink. \ldblquote Come in here. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He nodded toward an empty classroom to the left of the one-eyed statue. Harry followed Fred and George inside. George closed the door quietly and then turned, beaming, to look at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Early Christmas present for you, Harry,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fred pulled something from inside his cloak with a flourish and laid it on one of the desks. It was a large, square, very worn piece of parchment with nothing written on it. Harry, suspecting one of Fred and George\rquote s jokes, stared at it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s that supposed to be?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This, Harry, is the secret of our success,\rdblquote  said George, patting the parchment fondly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s a wrench, giving it to you,\rdblquote  said Fred, \ldblquote but we decided last night, your need\rquote s greater than ours.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Anyway, we know it by heart,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote We bequeath it to you. We don\rquote t really need it anymore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what do I need with a bit of old parchment?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A bit of old parchment!\rdblquote  said Fred, closing his eyes with a gri\-mace as though Harry had mortally offended him. \ldblquote Explain, George.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 when we were in our first year, Harry \emdash  young, care\-free, and innocent \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry snorted. He doubted whether Fred and George had ever been innocent.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  well, more innocent than we are now \emdash  we got into a spot of bother with Filch.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We let off a Dungbomb in the corridor and it upset him for some reason \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So he hauled us off to his office and started threatening us with the usual \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  detention \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  disembowelment \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and we couldn\rquote t help noticing a drawer in one of his filing cabinets marked \i Confiscated and Highly Dangerous.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t tell me \emdash\rdblquote  said Harry, starting to grin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, what would you\rquote ve done?\rdblquote  said Fred. \ldblquote George caused a diversion by dropping another Dungbomb, I whipped the drawer open, and grabbed \emdash  \i this.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not as bad as it sounds, you know,\rdblquote  said George. \ldblquote We don\rquote t reckon Filch ever found out how to work it. He probably suspected what it was, though, or he wouldn\rquote t have confiscated it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And you know how to work it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes,\rdblquote  said Fred, smirking. \ldblquote This little beauty\rquote s taught us more than all the teachers in this school.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re winding me up,\rdblquote  said Harry, looking at the ragged old bit of parchment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, are we?\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He took out his wand, touched the parchment lightly, and said, \ldblquote\i I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And at once, thin ink lines began to spread like a spider\rquote s web from the point that George\rquote s wand had touched. They joined each other, they crisscrossed, they fanned into every corner of the parch\-ment; then words began to blossom across the top, great, curly green words, that proclaimed:\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Messrs. Moony, Wormtail,\lang3081  \lang1033 Padfoot, and\lang3081  \lang1033 Prongs\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Purveyors of\lang3081  Aids t\lang1033 o Magical Mischief-Makers\lang3081\par
\lang1033 are proud to present\par
The Marauder\rquote s Map\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\par
It was a map showing every detail of the Hogwarts castle and grounds. But the truly remarkable thing were the tiny ink dots moving around it, each labeled with a name in minuscule writing. Astounded, Harry bent over it. A labeled dot in the top left corner showed that Professor Dumbledore was pacing his study; the care\-taker\rquote s cat, Mrs. Norris, was prowling the second floor; and Peeves the Poltergeist was currently bouncing around the trophy room. And as Harry\rquote s eyes traveled up and down the familiar corridors, he noticed something else.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This map showed a set of passages he had never entered. And many of them seemed to lead \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right into Hogsmeade,\rdblquote  said Fred, tracing one of them with his finger. \ldblquote There are seven in all. Now, Filch knows about these four\rdblquote  \emdash  he pointed them out \emdash  \ldblquote but we\rquote re sure we\rquote re the only ones who know about \i these.\i0  Don\rquote t bother with the one behind the mirror on the fourth floor. We used it until last winter, but it\rquote s caved in \emdash  completely blocked. And we don\rquote t reckon anyone\rquote s ever used this one, because the Whomping Willow\rquote s planted right over the entrance. But this one here, this one leads right into the cellar of Honeydukes. We\rquote ve used it loads of times. And as you might\rquote ve noticed, the entrance is right outside this room, through that one-eyed old crone\rquote s hump.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs,\rdblquote  sighed George, pat\-ting the heading of the map. \ldblquote We owe them so much.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Noble men, working tirelessly to help a new generation of law-breakers,\rdblquote  said Fred solemnly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said George briskly. \ldblquote Don\rquote t forget to wipe it after you\rquote ve used it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  or anyone can read it,\rdblquote  Fred said warningly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just tap it again and say, \lang3081\lquote\lang1033 Mischief managed!\lang3081\rquote\lang1033  And it\rquote ll go blank.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, young Harry,\rdblquote  said Fred, in an uncanny impersonation of Percy, \ldblquote mind you behave yourself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote See you in Honeydukes,\rdblquote  said George, winking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They left the room, both smirking in a satisfied sort of way.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stood there, gazing at the miraculous map. He watched the tiny ink Mrs. Norris turn left and pause to sniff at something on the floor. If Filch really didn\rquote t know \'85 he wouldn\rquote t have to pass the dementors at all. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But even as he stood there, flooded with excitement, something Harry had once heard Mr. Weasley say came floating out of his memory.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Never trust anything that can think for itself, if you can\rquote t see where it keeps its brain.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 This map was one of those dangerous magical objects Mr. Weasley had been warning against. \'85 \i Aids for Magical Mischief-Makers\i0  \'85 but then, Harry reasoned, he only wanted to use it to get into Hogsmeade, it wasn\rquote t as though he wanted to steal any\-thing or attack anyone \'85 and Fred and George had been using it for years without anything horrible happening. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry traced the secret passage to Honeydukes with his finger.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then, quite suddenly, as though following orders, he rolled up the map, stuffed it inside his robes, and hurried to the door of the classroom. He opened it a couple of inches. There was no one out\-side. Very carefully, he edged out of the room and behind the statue of the one-eyed witch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 What did he have to do? He pulled out the map again and saw,\lang3081  \lang1033 to his astonishment, that a new ink figure had appeared upon it, la\-beled \i Harry Potter.\i0  This figure was standing exactly where the real Harry was standing, about halfway down the third-floor corridor. Harry watched carefully. His little ink self appeared to be tapping the witch with his minute wand. Harry quickly took out his real wand and tapped the statue. Nothing happened. He looked back at the map. The tiniest speech bubble had appeared next to his figure. The word inside said, \ldblquote\i Dissendium.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Dissendium\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry whispered, tapping the stone witch again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At once, the statue\rquote s hump opened wide enough to admit a fairly thin person. Harry glanced quickly up and down the corridor, then tucked the map away again, hoisted himself into the hole headfirst, and pushed himself forward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He slid a considerable way down what felt like a stone slide, then landed on cold, damp earth. He stood up, looking around. It was pitch dark. He held up his wand, muttered, \ldblquote\i Lumos\i0 !\rdblquote  and saw that he was in a very narrow, low, earthy passageway. He raised the map, tapped it with the tip of his wand, and muttered, \ldblquote Mischief man\-aged!\rdblquote  The map went blank at once. He folded it carefully, tucked it inside his robes, then, heart beating fast, both excited and appre\-hensive, he set off.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The passage twisted and turned, more like the burrow of a giant rabbit than anything else. Harry hurried along it, stumbling now and then on the uneven floor, holding his wand out in front of him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It took ages, but Harry had the thought of Honeydukes to sus\-tain him. After what felt like an hour, the passage began to rise. Panting, Harry sped up, his face hot, his feet very cold.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ten minutes later, he came to the foot of some worn stone steps, which rose out of sight above him. Careful not to make any noise, Harry began to climb. A hundred steps, two hundred steps, he lost count as he climbed, watching his feet. \'85 Then, without warn\-ing, his head hit something hard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It seemed to be a trapdoor. Harry stood there, massaging the top of his head, listening. He couldn\rquote t hear any sounds above him. Very slowly, he pushed the trapdoor open and peered over the edge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was in a cellar, which was full of wooden crates and boxes. Harry climbed out of the trapdoor and replaced it \emdash  it blended so perfectly with the dusty floor that it was impossible to tell it was there. Harry crept slowly toward the wooden staircase that led up\-stairs. Now he could definitely hear voices, not to mention the tin\-kle of a bell and the opening and shutting of a door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Wondering what he ought to do, he suddenly heard a door open much closer at hand; somebody was about to come downstairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And get another box of Jelly Slugs, dear, they\rquote ve nearly cleaned us out \emdash\rdblquote  said a woman\rquote s voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A pair of feet was coming down the staircase. Harry leapt behind an enormous crate and waited for the footsteps to pass. He heard the man shifting boxes against the opposite wall. He might not get another chance \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Quickly and silently, Harry dodged out from his hiding place and climbed the stairs; looking back, he saw an enormous backside and shiny bald head, buried in a box. Harry reached the door at the top of the stairs, slipped through it, and found himself behind the counter of Honeydukes \emdash  he ducked, crept sideways, and then straightened up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Honeydukes was so crowded with Hogwarts students that no one looked twice at Harry. He edged among them, looking around, and suppressed a laugh as he imagined the look that would spread over Dudley\rquote s piggy face if he could see where Harry was now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There were shelves upon shelves of the most succulent-looking sweets imaginable. Creamy chunks of nougat, shimmering pink squares of coconut ice, fat, honey-colored toffees; hundreds of dif\-ferent kinds of chocolate in neat rows; there was a large barrel of Every Flavor Beans, and another of Fizzing Whizbees, the levitat\-ing sherbert balls that Ron had mentioned; along yet another wall were \lang3081\ldblquote\lang1033 Special Effects\lang3081\rdblquote\lang1033  sweets: Drooble\rquote s Best Blowing Gum (which filled a room with bluebell-colored bubbles that refused to pop for days), the strange, splintery Toothflossing Stringmints, tiny black Pepper Imps (\lang3081\ldblquote\lang1033 breathe fire for your friends!\lang3081\rdblquote\lang1033 ), Ice Mice (\lang3081\ldblquote\lang1033 hear your teeth chatter and squeak!\lang3081\rdblquote\lang1033 ), peppermint creams shaped like toads (\lang3081\ldblquote\lang1033 hop realistically in the stomach!\lang3081\rdblquote\lang1033 ), fragile sugar-spun quills, and exploding bonbons.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry squeezed himself through a crowd of sixth years and saw a sign hanging in the farthest corner of the shop (UNUSUAL TASTES). Ron and Hermione were standing underneath it, examining a tray of blood-flavored lollipops. Harry sneaked up behind them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ugh, no, Harry won\rquote t want one of those, they\rquote re for vampires, I expect,\rdblquote  Hermione was saying.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How about these?\rdblquote  said Ron, shoving a\lang3081  \lang1033 jar of Cockroach Clus\-ters under Hermione\rquote s nose.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Definitely not,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron nearly dropped the jar.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Harry\i0 !\rdblquote  squealed Hermione. \ldblquote What are you doing here? How \emdash  how did you \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wow!\rdblquote  said Ron, looking very impressed, \ldblquote you\rquote ve learned to Apparate!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\ldblquote  \rquote\lang1033 Course I haven\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Harry. He dropped his voice so that none of the sixth years could hear him and told them all about the Marauder\rquote s Map.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How come Fred and George never gave it to \i me\i0 !\rdblquote  said Ron, outraged. \ldblquote I\rquote m their brother!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Harry isn\rquote t going to keep it!\rdblquote  said Hermione, as though the idea were ludicrous. \ldblquote He\rquote s going to hand it in to Professor McGonagall, aren\rquote t you, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I\rquote m not!\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you mad?\rdblquote  said Ron, goggling at Hermione. \ldblquote Hand in something that good?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If I hand it in, I\rquote ll have to say where I got it! Filch would know Fred and George had nicked it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what about Sirius Black?\rdblquote  Hermione hissed. \ldblquote He could be using one of the passages on that map to get into the castle! The teachers have got to know!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He can\rquote t be getting in through a passage,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly. \ldblquote There are seven secret tunnels on the map, right? Fred and George reckon Filch already knows about four of them. And of the other three \emdash  one of them\rquote s caved in, so no one can get through it. One of them\rquote s got the Whomping Willow planted over the entrance, so you can\rquote t get out of it. And the one I just came through \emdash  well \emdash  it\rquote s really hard to see the entrance to it down in the cellar, so unless he knew it was there \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hesitated. What if Black did know the passage was there?\lang3081  \lang1033 Ron, however, cleared his throat significantly, and pointed to a no\-tice pasted on the inside of the sweetshop door.\lang3081\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\lang1033\emdash   BY ORDER OF  \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC\lang3081\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\lang1033\i Customers are reminded that until further notice, de\-mentors will be patrolling the streets of Hogsmeade every night after sundown. This measure has been put in place for the safety of Hogsmeade residents and will be lifted upon the recapture of\lang3081  \lang1033 Sirius Black. It is there\-fore advisable that you complete your shopping well before nightfall.\par
Merry Christmas!\lang3081\i0\par
\par
\lang1033\ldblquote See?\rdblquote  said Ron quietly. \ldblquote I\rquote d like to see Black try and break into Honeydukes with dementors swarming all over the village. Any\-way, Hermione, the Honeydukes owners would hear a break-in, wouldn\rquote t they? They live over the shop!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, but \emdash  but \emdash\rdblquote  Hermoine seemed to be struggling to find another problem. \ldblquote Look, Harry still shouldn\rquote t be coming into Hogsmeade. He hasn\rquote t got a signed form! If anyone finds out, he\rquote ll be in so much trouble! And it\rquote s not nightfall yet \emdash  what if Sirius Black turns up today? Now?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote d have a job spotting Harry in this,\rdblquote  said Ron, nodding through the mullioned windows at the thick, swirling snow. \ldblquote Come on, Hermione, it\rquote s Christmas. Harry deserves a break.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione bit her lip, looking extremely worried.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you going to report me?\rdblquote  Harry asked her, grinning.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \emdash  of course not \emdash  but honestly, Harry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Seen the Fizzing Whizbees, Harry?\rdblquote  said Ron, grabbing him and leading him over to their barrel. \ldblquote And the Jelly Slugs? And the Acid Pops? Fred gave me one of those when I was seven \emdash  it burnt a hole right through my tongue. I remember Mum walloping him with her broomstick.\rdblquote  Ron stared broodingly into the Acid Pop box. \ldblquote Reckon Fred\rquote d take a bit of Cockroach Cluster if I told him they were peanuts?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When Ron and Hermione had paid for all their sweets, the three of them left Honeydukes for the blizzard outside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hogsmeade looked like a Christmas card; the little thatched cot\-tages and shops were all covered in a layer of crisp snow; there were holly wreaths on the doors and strings of enchanted candles hang\-ing in the trees.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shivered; unlike the other two, he didn\rquote t have his cloak. They headed up the street, heads bowed against the wind, Ron and Hermione shouting through their scarves.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s the post office \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Zonko\rquote s is up there \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We could go up to the Shrieking Shack \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tell you what,\rdblquote  said Ron, his teeth chattering, \ldblquote shall we go for a butterbeer in the Three Broomsticks?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was more than willing; the wind was fierce and his hands were freezing, so they crossed the road, and in a few minutes were entering the tiny inn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was extremely crowded, noisy, warm, and smoky. A curvy sort of woman with a pretty face was serving a bunch of rowdy warlocks up at the bar.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s Madam Rosmerta,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I\rquote ll get the drinks, shall I?\rdblquote  he added, going slightly red.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Hermione made their way to the back of the room, where there was a small, vacant table between the window and a handsome Christmas tree, which stood next to the fireplace. Ron came back five minutes later, carrying three foaming tankards of hot butterbeer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Merry Christmas!\rdblquote  he said happily, raising his tankard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry drank deeply. It was the most delicious thing he\rquote d ever tasted and seemed to heat every bit of him from the inside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A sudden breeze ruffled his hair. The door of the Three Broom\-sticks had opened again. Harry looked over the rim of his tankard and choked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professors McGonagall and Flitwick had just entered the pub with a flurry of snowflakes, shortly followed by Hagrid, who was deep in conversation with a portly man in a lime-green bowler hat and a pinstriped cloak \emdash  Cornelius Fudge, Minister of Magic.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In an instant, Ron and Hermione had both placed hands on the top of Harry\rquote s head and forced him off his stool and under the table. Dripping with butterbeer and crouching out of sight, Harry clutched his empty tankard and watched the teachers\rquote  and Fudge\rquote s feet move toward the bar, pause, then turn and walk right toward him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Somewhere above him, Hermione whispered, \ldblquote\i Mobiliarbus\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Christmas tree beside their table rose a few inches off the ground, drifted sideways, and landed with a soft thump right in front of their table, hiding them from view. Staring through the dense lower branches, Harry saw four sets of chair legs move back from the table right beside theirs, then heard the grunts and sighs of the teachers and minister as they sat down.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Next he saw another pair of feet, wearing sparkly turquoise high heels, and heard a woman\rquote s voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A small gillywater \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mine,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall\rquote s voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Four pints of mulled mead \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ta, Rosmerta,\rdblquote  said Hagrid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A cherry syrup and soda with ice and umbrella \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mmm!\rdblquote  said Professor Flitwick, smacking his lips.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you\rquote ll be the red currant rum, Minister.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you, Rosmerta, m\rquote dear,\rdblquote  said Fudge\rquote s voice. \ldblquote Lovely to see you again, I must say. Have one yourself, won\rquote t you? Come and join us. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, thank you very much, Minister.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry watched the glittering heels march away and back again. His heart was pounding uncomfortably in his throat. Why hadn\rquote t it occurred to him that this was the last weekend of term for the teach\-ers too? And how long were they going to sit there? He needed time to sneak back into Honeydukes if he wanted to return to school tonight. \'85 Hermione\rquote s leg gave a nervous twitch next to him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So, what brings you to this neck of the woods, Minister?\rdblquote  came Madam Rosmerta\rquote s voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry saw the lower part of Fudge\rquote s thick body twist in his chair as though he were checking for eavesdroppers. Then he said in a quiet voice, \ldblquote What else, m\rquote dear, but Sirius Black? I daresay you heard what happened up at the school at Halloween?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I did hear a rumor,\rdblquote  admitted Madam Rosmerta.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you tell the whole pub, Hagrid?\rdblquote  said Professor McGona\-gall exasperatedly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you think Black\rquote s still in the area, Minister?\rdblquote  whispered Madam Rosmerta.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sure of it,\rdblquote  said Fudge shortly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know that the dementors have searched the whole village twice?\rdblquote  said Madam Rosmerta, a slight edge to her voice. \ldblquote Scared all my customers away. \'85 It\rquote s very bad for business, Minister.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Rosmerta, m\rquote dear, I don\rquote t like them any more than you do,\rdblquote  said Fudge uncomfortably. \ldblquote Necessary precaution \'85 unfortunate, but there you are. \'85 I\rquote ve just met some of them. They\rquote re in a fury against Dumbledore \emdash  he won\rquote t let them inside the castle grounds.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I should think not,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall sharply. \ldblquote How are we supposed to teach with those horrors floating around?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hear, hear!\rdblquote  squeaked tiny Professor Flitwick, whose feet were dangling a foot from the ground.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All the same,\rdblquote  demurred Fudge, \ldblquote they are here to protect you all from something much worse. \'85 We all know what Black\rquote s capa\-ble of. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you know, I still have trouble believing it,\rdblquote  said Madam Rosmerta thoughtfully. \ldblquote Of all the people to go over to the Dark Side, Sirius Black was the last I\rquote d have thought\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I mean, I re\-member him when he was a boy at Hogwarts. If you\rquote d told me then what he was going to become, I\rquote d have said you\rquote d had too much mead.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t know the half of it, Rosmerta,\rdblquote  said Fudge gruffly. \ldblquote The worst he did isn\rquote t widely known.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The worst?\rdblquote  said Madam Rosmerta, her voice alive with curios\-ity. \ldblquote Worse than murdering all those poor people, you mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I certainly do,\rdblquote  said Fudge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t believe that. What could possibly be worse?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You say you remember him at Hogwarts, Rosmerta,\rdblquote  murmured Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote Do you remember who his best friend was?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Naturally,\rdblquote  said Madam Rosmerta, with a small laugh. \ldblquote Never saw one without the other, did you? The number of times I had them in here \emdash  ooh, they used to make me laugh. Quite the dou\-ble act, Sirius Black and James Potter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry dropped his tankard with a loud clunk. Ron kicked him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Precisely,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote Black and Potter. Ring\-leaders of their little gang. Both very bright, of course \emdash  excep\-tionally bright, in fact \emdash  but I don\rquote t think we\rquote ve ever had such a pair of troublemakers \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dunno,\rdblquote  chuckled Hagrid. \ldblquote Fred and George Weasley could give \rquote em a run fer their money.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote d have thought Black and Potter were brothers!\rdblquote  chimed in Professor Flitwick. \ldblquote Inseparable!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course they were,\rdblquote  said Fudge. \ldblquote Potter trusted Black beyond all his other friends. Nothing changed when they left school. Black was best man when James married Lily. Then they named him god\-father to Harry. Harry has no idea, of course. You can imagine how the idea would torment him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because Black turned out to be in league with You-Know-Who?\rdblquote  whispered Madam Rosmerta.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Worse even than that, m\rquote dear. \'85\rdblquote  Fudge dropped his voice and proceeded in a sort of low rumble. \ldblquote Not many people are aware that the Potters knew You-Know-Who was after them. Dumbledore, who was of course working tirelessly against You-Know-Who, had a number of useful spies. One of them tipped him off, and he alerted James and Lily at once. He advised them to go into hiding. Well, of\lang3081  \lang1033 course, You-Know-Who wasn\rquote t an easy person to hide from. Dumble\-dore told them that their best chance was the Fidelius Charm.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How does that work?\rdblquote  said Madam Rosmerta, breathless with interest. Professor Flitwick cleared his throat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote An immensely complex spell,\rdblquote  he said squeakily, \ldblquote involving the magical concealment of a secret inside a single, living soul. The in\-formation is hidden inside the chosen person, or Secret-Keeper, and is henceforth impossible to find \emdash  unless, of course, the Secret-Keeper chooses to divulge it. As long as the Secret-Keeper refused to speak, You-Know-Who could search the village where Lily and James were staying for years and never find them, not even if he had his nose pressed against their sitting room window!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So Black was the Potters\rquote  Secret-Keeper?\rdblquote  whispered Madam Rosmerta.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Naturally,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote James Potter told Dumbledore that Black would die rather than tell where they were, that Black was planning to go into hiding himself \'85 and yet, Dumbledore remained worried. I remember him offering to be the Potters\rquote  Secret-Keeper himself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He suspected Black?\rdblquote  gasped Madam Rosmerta.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He was sure that somebody close to the Potters had been keep\-ing You-Know-Who informed of their movements,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall darkly. \ldblquote Indeed, he had suspected for some time that someone on our side had turned traitor and was passing a lot of in\-formation to You-Know-Who.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But James Potter insisted on using Black?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He did,\rdblquote  said Fudge heavily. \ldblquote And then, barely a week after the Fidelius Charm had been performed \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Black betrayed them?\rdblquote  breathed Madam Rosmerta.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He did indeed. Black was tired of his double-agent role, he was ready to declare his support openly for You-Know-Who, and he seems to have planned this for the moment of the Potters\rquote  death. But, as we all know, You-Know-Who met his downfall in little Harry Potter. Powers gone, horribly weakened, he fled. And this left Black in a very nasty position indeed. His master had fallen at the very moment when he, Black, had shown his true colors as a traitor. He had no choice but to run for it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Filthy, stinkin\rquote  turncoat!\rdblquote  Hagrid said, so loudly that half the bar went quiet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shh!\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I met him!\rdblquote  growled Hagrid. \ldblquote I musta bin the last ter see him before he killed all them people! It was me what rescued Harry from Lily an\rquote  James\rquote s house after they was killed! Jus\rquote  got him outta the ruins, poor little thing, with a great slash across his forehead, an\rquote  his parents dead \'85 an\rquote  Sirius Black turns up, on that flyin\rquote  motorbike he used ter ride. Never occurred ter me what he was doin\rquote  there. I didn\rquote  know he\rquote d bin Lily an\rquote  James\rquote s Secret-Keeper. Thought he\rquote d jus\rquote  heard the news o\rquote  You-Know-Who\rquote s attack an\rquote  come ter see what he could do. White an\rquote  shakin\rquote , he was. An\rquote  yeh know what I did? I COMFORTED THE MURDERIN\rquote  TRAITOR!\rdblquote  Hagrid roared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid, please!\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote Keep your voice down!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How was I ter know he wasn\rquote  upset abou\rquote  Lily an\rquote  James? It was You-Know-Who he cared abou\rquote ! An\rquote  then he says, \lang3081\lquote\lang1033 Give Harry ter me, Hagrid, I\rquote m his godfather, I\rquote ll look after him \emdash\lang3081\rquote\lang1033  Ha! But I\rquote d\lang3081  \lang1033 had me orders from Dumbledore, an\rquote  I told Black no, Dumbledore said Harry was ter go ter his aunt an\rquote  uncle\rquote s. Black argued, but in the end he gave in. Told me ter take his motorbike ter get Harry there. \lang3081\lquote\lang1033 I won\rquote t need it anymore,\lang3081\rquote\lang1033  he says.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I shoulda known there was somethin\rquote  fishy goin\rquote  on then. He loved that motorbike, what was he givin\rquote  it ter me for? Why wouldn\rquote  he need it anymore? Fact was, it was too easy ter trace. Dumbledore knew he\rquote d bin the Potters\rquote  Secret-Keeper. Black knew he was goin\rquote  ter have ter run fer it that night, knew it was a matter o\rquote  hours before the Ministry was after him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i But what if I\rquote d given Harry to him, eh\i0 ? I bet he\rquote d\rquote ve pitched him off the bike halfway out ter sea. His bes\rquote  friends\rquote  son! But when a wizard goes over ter the Dark Side, there\rquote s nothin\rquote  and no one that matters to \rquote em anymore. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A long silence followed Hagrid\rquote s story. Then Madam Rosmerta said with some satisfaction, \ldblquote But he didn\rquote t manage to disappear, did he? The Ministry of Magic caught up with him next day!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Alas, if only we had,\rdblquote  said Fudge bitterly. \ldblquote It was not we who found him. It was little Peter Pettigrew \emdash  another of the Potters\rquote  friends. Maddened by grief, no doubt, and knowing that Black had been the Potters\rquote  Secret-Keeper, he went after Black himself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Pettigrew \'85 that fat little boy who was always tagging around after them at Hogwarts?\rdblquote  said Madam Rosmerta.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hero-worshipped Black and Potter,\rdblquote  said Professor McGona\-gall. \ldblquote Never quite in their league, talent-wise. I was often rather sharp with him. You can imagine how I \emdash  how I regret that now. \'85\rdblquote  She sounded as though she had a sudden head cold.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There, now, Minerva,\rdblquote  said Fudge kindly, \ldblquote Pettigrew died a\lang3081  \lang1033 hero\rquote s death. Eyewitnesses \emdash  Muggles, of course, we wiped their memories later \emdash  told us how Pettigrew cornered Black. They say he was sobbing, \lang3081\lquote\lang1033 Lily and James, Sirius! How could you?\lang3081\rquote\lang1033  And then he went for his wand. Well, of course, Black was quicker. Blew Pettigrew to smithereens. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall blew her nose and said thickly, \ldblquote Stupid boy \'85 foolish boy \'85 he was always hopeless at dueling \'85 should have left it to the Ministry. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I tell yeh, if I\rquote d got ter Black before little Pettigrew did, I wouldn\rquote t\rquote ve messed around with wands \emdash  I\rquote d\rquote ve ripped him limb \emdash  from \emdash  limb,\rdblquote  Hagrid growled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t know what you\rquote re talking about, Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Fudge sharply. \ldblquote Nobody but trained Hit Wizards from the Magical Law Enforcement Squad would have stood a chance against Black once he was cornered. I was Junior Minister in the Department of Mag\-ical Catastrophes at the time, and I was one of the first on the scene after Black murdered all those people. I \emdash  I will never forget it. I still dream about it sometimes. A crater in the middle of the street, so deep it had cracked the sewer below. Bodies everywhere. Mug\-gles screaming. And Black standing there laughing, with what was left of Pettigrew in front of him \'85 a heap of bloodstained robes and a few \emdash  a few fragments \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge\rquote s voice stopped abruptly. There was the sound of five noses being blown.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, there you have it, Rosmerta,\rdblquote  said Fudge thickly. \ldblquote Black was taken away by twenty members of the Magical Law Enforce\-ment Squad and Pettigrew received the Order of Merlin, First Class, which I think was some comfort to his poor mother. Black\rquote s been in Azkaban ever since.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Madam Rosmerta let out a long sigh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is it true he\rquote s mad, Minister?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wish I could say that he was,\rdblquote  said Fudge slowly. \ldblquote I certainly believe his master\rquote s defeat unhinged him for a while. The murder of Pettigrew and all those Muggles was the action of a cornered and desperate man \emdash  cruel\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 pointless. Yet I met Black on my last inspection of Azkaban. You know, most of the prisoners in there sit muttering to themselves in the dark; there\rquote s no sense in them \'85 but I was shocked at how \i normal\i0  Black seemed. He spoke quite rationally to me. It was unnerving. You\rquote d have thought he was merely bored \emdash  asked if I\rquote d finished with my newspaper, cool as you please, said he missed doing the crossword. Yes, I was astounded at how little effect the dementors seemed to be having on him \emdash  and he was one of the most heavily guarded in the place, you know. Dementors outside his door day and night.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what do you think he\rquote s broken out to do?\rdblquote  said Madam Rosmerta. \ldblquote Good gracious, Minister, he isn\rquote t trying to rejoin You-Know-Who, is he?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I daresay that is his \emdash  er \emdash  eventual plan,\rdblquote  said Fudge eva\-sively. \ldblquote But we hope to catch Black long before that. I must say, You-Know-Who alone and friendless is one thing \'85 but give him back his most devoted servant, and I shudder to think how quickly he\rquote ll rise again. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a small chink of glass on wood. Someone had set down their glass.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know, Cornelius, if you\rquote re dining with the headmaster, we\rquote d better head back up to the castle,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 One by one, the pairs of feet in front of Harry took the weight of their owners once more; hems of cloaks swung into sight, and\lang3081  \lang1033 Madam Rosemerta\rquote s glittering heels disappeared behind the bar. The door of the Three Broomsticks opened again, there was an\-other flurry of snow, and the teachers had disappeared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron\rquote s and Hermione\rquote s faces appeared under the table. They were both staring at him, lost for words.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 11\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Firebolt\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry didn\rquote t have a very clear idea of how he had managed to get back into the Honeydukes cellar, through the tun\-nel, and into the castle once more. All he knew was that the return trip seemed to take no time at all, and that he hardly noticed what he was doing, because his head was still pounding with the conver\-sation he had just heard.\par
Why had nobody ever told him? Dumbledore, Hagrid, Mr. Weasley, Cornelius Fudge \'85 why hadn\rquote t anyone ever mentioned the fact that Harry\rquote s parents had died because their best friend had betrayed them?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione watched Harry nervously all through din\-ner, not daring to talk about what they\rquote d overheard, because Percy was sitting close by them. When they went upstairs to the crowded common room, it was to find Fred and George had set off half a dozen Dungbombs in a fit of end-of-term high spirits. Harry, who didn\rquote t want Fred and George asking him whether he\rquote d reached\lang3081  \lang1033 Hogsmeade or not, sneaked quietly up to the empty dormitory and headed straight for his bedside cabinet. He pushed his books aside and quickly found what he was looking for \emdash  the leather-bound photo album Hagrid had given him two years ago, which was full of wizard pictures of his mother and father. He sat down on his bed, drew the hangings around him, and started turning the pages, searching, until\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He stopped on a picture of his parents\rquote  wedding day. There was his father waving up at him, beaming, the untidy black hair Harry had inherited standing up in all directions. There was his mother, alight with happiness, arm in arm with his dad. And there \'85 that must be him. Their best man \'85 Harry had never given him a thought before.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 If he hadn\rquote t known it was the same person, he would never have guessed it was Black in this old photograph. His face wasn\rquote t sunken and waxy, but handsome, full of laughter. Had he already been working for Voldemort when this picture had been taken? Was he already planning the deaths of the two people next to him? Did he realize he was facing twelve years in Azkaban, twelve years that would make him unrecognizable?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i But the dementors don\rquote t affect him,\i0  Harry thought, staring into the handsome, laughing face. \i He doesn\rquote t have to hear my mum screaming if they get too close\i0  \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry slammed the album shut, reached over and stuffed it back into his cabinet, took off his robe and glasses and got into bed, making sure the hangings were hiding him from view.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The dormitory door opened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry?\rdblquote  said Ron\rquote s voice uncertainly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry lay still, pretending to be asleep. He heard Ron leave again, and rolled over on his back, his eyes wide open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A hatred such as he had never known before was coursing through Harry like poison. He could see Black laughing at him through the darkness, as though somebody had pasted the picture from the album over his eyes. He watched, as though somebody was playing him a piece of film, Sirius Black blasting Peter Petti\-grew (who resembled Neville Longbottom) into a thousand pieces. He could hear (though having no idea what Black\rquote s voice might sound like) a low, excited mutter. \ldblquote It has happened, My Lord \'85 the Potters have made me their Secret-Keeper. \'85\rdblquote  And then came another voice, laughing shrilly, the same laugh that Harry heard inside his head whenever the dementors drew near. \'85\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, you \emdash  you look terrible.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hadn\rquote t gotten to sleep until daybreak. He had awoken to find the dormitory deserted, dressed, and gone down the spiral stair\-case to a common room that was completely empty except for Ron, who was eating a Peppermint Toad and massaging his stomach, and Hermione, who had spread her homework over three tables.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where is everyone?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Gone! It\rquote s the first day of the holidays, remember?\rdblquote  said Ron, watching Harry closely. \ldblquote It\rquote s nearly lunchtime; I was going to come and wake you up in a minute.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry slumped into a chair next to the fire. Snow was still falling outside the windows. Crookshanks was spread out in front of the fire like a large, ginger rug.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You really don\rquote t look well, you know,\rdblquote  Hermione said, peering anxiously into his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m fine,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, listen,\rdblquote  said Hermione, exchanging a look with Ron, \ldblquote you must be really upset about what we heard yesterday. But the thing is, you mustn\rquote t go doing anything stupid.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Like what?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Like trying to go after Black,\rdblquote  said Ron sharply.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could tell they had rehearsed this conversation while he had been asleep. He didn\rquote t say anything.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You won\rquote t, will you, Harry?\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because Black\rquote s not worth dying for,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked at them. They didn\rquote t seem to understand at all.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote D\rquote you know what I see and hear every time a dementor gets too near me?\rdblquote  Ron and Hermione shook their heads, looking appre\-hensive. \ldblquote I can hear my mum screaming and pleading with Volde\-mort. And if you\rquote d heard your mum screaming like that, just about to be killed, you wouldn\rquote t forget it in a hurry. And if you found out someone who was supposed to be a friend of hers betrayed her and sent Voldemort after her \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s nothing you can do!\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking stricken. \ldblquote The dementors will catch Black and he\rquote ll go back to Azkaban and \emdash  and serve him right!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You heard what Fudge said. Black isn\rquote t affected by Azkaban like normal people are. It\rquote s not a punishment for him like it is for the others.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So what are you saying?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking very tense. \ldblquote You want to \emdash  to kill Black or something?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be silly,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a panicky voice. \ldblquote Harry doesn\rquote t want to kill anyone, do you, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Again, Harry didn\rquote t answer. He didn\rquote t know what he wanted to do. All he knew was that the idea of doing nothing, while Black was at liberty, was almost more than he could stand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Malfoy knows,\rdblquote  he said abruptly. \ldblquote Remember what he said to me in Potions? \lang3081\lquote\lang1033 If it was me, I\rquote d hunt him down myself. \'85 I\rquote d want revenge.\lang3081\rquote  \rdblquote\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re going to take Malfoy\rquote s advice instead of ours?\rdblquote  said Ron furiously. \ldblquote Listen \'85 you know what Pettigrew\rquote s mother got back after Black had finished with him? Dad told me \emdash  the Order of Merlin, First Class, and Pettigrew\rquote s finger in a box. That was the biggest bit of him they could find. Black\rquote s a madman, Harry, and he\rquote s dangerous \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Malfoy\rquote s dad must have told him,\rdblquote  said Harry, ignoring Ron. \ldblquote He was right in Voldemort\rquote s inner circle \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Say You-Know-Who, will you\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 interjected Ron angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  so obviously, the Malfoys knew Black was working for Voldemort \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  and Malfoy\rquote d love to see you blown into about a million pieces, like Pettigrew! Get a grip. Malfoy\rquote s just hoping you\rquote ll get yourself killed before he has to play you at Quidditch.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, \i please,\i0\rdblquote  said Hermione, her eyes now shining with tears, \ldblquote\i please\i0  be sensible. Black did a terrible, terrible thing, but d-don\rquote t put yourself in danger, it\rquote s what Black wants. \'85 Oh, Harry, you\rquote d be playing right into Black\rquote s hands if you went looking for him. Your mum and dad wouldn\rquote t want you to get hurt, would they? They\rquote d never want you to go looking for Black!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll never know what they\rquote d have wanted, because thanks to Black, I\rquote ve never spoken to them,\rdblquote  said Harry shortly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a silence in which Crookshanks stretched luxuriously, flexing his claws. Ron\rquote s pocket quivered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look,\rdblquote  said Ron, obviously casting around for a change of sub\-ject, \ldblquote it\rquote s the holidays! It\rquote s nearly Christmas! Let\rquote s \emdash  let\rquote s go down and see Hagrid. We haven\rquote t visited him for ages!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  said Hermione quickly. \ldblquote Harry isn\rquote t supposed to leave the castle, Ron \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, let\rquote s go,\rdblquote  said Harry, sitting up, \ldblquote and I can ask him how come he never mentioned Black when he told me all about my parents!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Further discussion of Sirius Black plainly wasn\rquote t what Ron had had in mind.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Or we could have a game of chess,\rdblquote  he said hastily, \ldblquote or Gob\-stones. Percy left a set \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, let\rquote s visit Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Harry firmly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 So they got their cloaks from their dormitories and set off through the portrait hole (\lang3081\ldblquote\lang1033 Stand and fight, you yellow-bellied mongrels!\lang3081\rdblquote\lang1033 ), down through the empty castle and out through the oak front doors.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They made their way slowly down the lawn, making a shallow trench in the glittering, powdery snow, their socks and the hems of their cloaks soaked and freezing. The Forbidden Forest looked as though it had been enchanted, each tree smattered with silver, and Hagrid\rquote s cabin looked like an iced cake.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron knocked, but there was no answer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s not out, is he?\rdblquote  said Hermione, who was shivering under her cloak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron had his ear to the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s a weird noise,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Listen \emdash  is that Fang?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Hermione put their ears to the door too. From inside the cabin came a series of low, throbbing moans.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Think we\rquote d better go and get someone?\rdblquote  said Ron nervously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid!\rdblquote  called Harry, thumping the door. \ldblquote Hagrid, are you in there?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a sound of heavy footsteps, then the door creaked open. Hagrid stood there with his eyes red and swollen, tears splashing down the front of his leather vest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeh\rquote ve heard?\rdblquote  he bellowed, and he flung himself onto Harry\rquote s neck.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid being at least twice the size of a normal man, this was no laughing matter. Harry, about to collapse under Hagrid\rquote s weight, was rescued by Ron and Hermione, who each seized Hagrid under an arm and heaved him back into the cabin. Hagrid allowed him\-self to be steered into a chair and slumped over the table, sobbing uncontrollably, his face glazed with tears that dripped down into his tangled beard.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid, what \i is\i0  it?\rdblquote  said Hermione, aghast.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry spotted an official-looking letter lying open on the table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s this, Hagrid?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid\rquote s sobs redoubled, but he shoved the letter toward Harry, who picked it up and read aloud:\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i Dear Mr. Hagrid,\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Further to our inquiry into the attack by a hippogriff on a student in your class, we have accepted the assurances of Professor Dumbledore that you bear no responsibility for the regrettable incident.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\par
\ldblquote Well, that\rquote s okay then, Hagrid!\rdblquote  said Ron, clapping Hagrid on the shoulder. But Hagrid continued to sob, and waved one of his gigantic hands, inviting Harry to read on.\par
\par
\i However, we must register our concern about the hippogriff in question. We have decided to uphold the official complaint of Mr. Lucius Malfoy, and this matter will therefore be taken to the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures. The hearing will take place on April 20th, and we ask you to present yourself and your hippogriff at the Committee\i0\rquote\i s offices in London on that date. In the meantime, the hippogriff should be kept tethered and isolated.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Yours in fellowship \'85\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\par
There followed a list of the school governors.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote But you said Buckbeak isn\rquote t a bad hippogriff, Hagrid. I bet he\rquote ll get off\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeh don\rquote  know them gargoyles at the Committee fer the Dis\-posal o\rquote  Dangerous Creatures!\rdblquote  choked Hagrid, wiping his eyes on his sleeve. \ldblquote They\rquote ve got it in fer interestin\rquote  creatures!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A sudden sound from the corner of Hagrid\rquote s cabin made Harry, Ron, and Hermione whip around. Buckbeak the hippogriff was lying in the corner, chomping on something that was oozing blood all over the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I couldn\rquote  leave him tied up out there in the snow!\rdblquote  choked Hagrid. \ldblquote All on his own! At Christmas.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another. They had never seen eye to eye with Hagrid about what he called \lang3081\ldblquote\lang1033 interesting creatures\lang3081\rdblquote\lang1033  and other people called \lang3081\ldblquote\lang1033 terrifying monsters.\lang3081\rdblquote\lang1033  On\lang3081  \lang1033 the other hand, there didn\rquote t seem to be any particular harm in Buck\-beak. In fact, by Hagrid\rquote s usual standards, he was positively cute.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ll have to put up a good strong defense, Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Hermione, sitting down and laying a hand on Hagrid\rquote s massive forearm. \ldblquote I\rquote m sure you can prove Buckbeak is safe.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Won\rquote t make no diff\rquote rence!\rdblquote  sobbed Hagrid. \ldblquote Them Disposal devils, they\rquote re all in Lucius Malfoy\rquote s pocket! Scared o\rquote  him! An\rquote  if I lose the case, Buckbeak \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid drew his finger swiftly across his throat, then gave a great wail and lurched forward, his face in his arms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What about Dumbledore, Hagrid?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s done more\rquote n enough fer me already,\rdblquote  groaned Hagrid. \ldblquote Got enough on his plate what with keepin\rquote  them dementors outta the castle, an\rquote  Sirius Black lurkin\rquote  around \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron and Hermione looked quickly at Harry, as though expect\-ing him to start berating Hagrid for not telling him the truth about Black. But Harry couldn\rquote t bring himself to do it, not now that he saw Hagrid so miserable and scared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Listen, Hagrid,\rdblquote  he said, \ldblquote you can\rquote t give up. Hermione\rquote s right, you just need a good defense. You can call us as witnesses \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m sure I\rquote ve read about a case of hippogriff-baiting,\rdblquote  said Hermione thoughtfully, \ldblquote where the hippogriff got off. I\rquote ll look it up for you, Hagrid, and see exactly what happened.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid howled still more loudly. Harry and Hermione looked at Ron to help them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  shall I make a cup of tea?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s what my mum does whenever someone\rquote s upset,\rdblquote  Ron mut\-tered, shrugging.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At last, after many more assurances of help, with a steaming mug of tea in front of him, Hagrid blew his nose on a handkerchief the size of a tablecloth and said, \ldblquote Yer right. I can\rquote  afford to go ter pieces. Gotta pull meself together. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fang the boarhound came timidly out from under the table and laid his head on Hagrid\rquote s knee.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve not bin meself lately,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, stroking Fang with one hand and mopping his face with the other. \ldblquote Worried abou\rquote  Buck\-beak, an\rquote  no one likin\rquote  me classes \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We do like them!\rdblquote  lied Hermione at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, they\rquote re great!\rdblquote  said Ron, crossing his fingers under the table. \ldblquote Er \emdash  how are the flobberworms?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dead,\rdblquote  said Hagrid gloomily. \ldblquote Too much lettuce.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh no!\rdblquote  said Ron, his lip twitching.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote An\rquote  them dementors make me feel ruddy terrible an\rquote  all,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, with a sudden shudder. \ldblquote Gotta walk past \rquote em ev\rquote ry time I want a drink in the Three Broomsticks. \rquote S like bein\rquote  back in Azkaban \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He fell silent, gulping his tea. Harry, Ron, and Hermione watched him breathlessly. They had never heard Hagrid talk about his brief spell in Azkaban before. After a pause, Hermione said timidly, \ldblquote Is it awful in there, Hagrid?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeh\rquote ve no idea,\rdblquote  said Hagrid quietly. \ldblquote Never bin anywhere like it. Thought I was goin\rquote  mad. Kep\rquote  goin\rquote  over horrible stuff in me mind \'85 the day I got expelled from Hogwarts \'85 day me dad died \'85 day I had ter let Norbert go. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His eyes filled with tears. Norbert was the baby dragon Hagrid had once won in a game of cards.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeh can\rquote  really remember who yeh are after a while. An\rquote  yeh can\rquote  see the point o\rquote  livin\rquote  at all. I used ter hope I\rquote d jus\rquote  die in me sleep. \'85 When they let me out, it was like bein\rquote  born again, ev\rquote ry\-thin\rquote  came floodin\rquote  back, it was the bes\rquote  feelin\rquote  in the world. Mind, the dementors weren\rquote t keen on lettin\rquote  me go.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you were innocent!\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid snorted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Think that matters to them? They don\rquote  care. Long as they\rquote ve got a couple o\rquote  hundred humans stuck there with \rquote em, so they can leech all the happiness out of \rquote em, they don\rquote  give a damn who\rquote s guilty an\rquote  who\rquote s not.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid went quiet for a moment, staring into his tea. Then he said quietly, \ldblquote Thought o\rquote  jus\rquote  letting Buckbeak go \'85 tryin\rquote  ter make him fly away \'85 but how d\rquote yeh explain ter a hippogriff it\rquote s gotta go inter hidin\rquote ? An\rquote  \emdash  an\rquote  I\rquote m scared o\rquote  breakin\rquote  the law. \'85\rdblquote  He looked up at them, tears leaking down his face again. \ldblquote I don\rquote  ever want ter go back ter Azkaban.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The trip to Hagrid\rquote s, though far from fun, had nevertheless had the effect Ron and Hermione had hoped. Though Harry had by no means forgotten about Black, he couldn\rquote t brood constantly on re\-venge if he wanted to help Hagrid win his case against the Com\-mittee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures. He, Ron, and Hermione went to the library the next day and returned to the empty common room laden with books that might help prepare a defense for Buckbeak. The three of them sat in front of the roaring fire, slowly turning the pages of dusty volumes about famous cases of marauding beasts, speaking occasionally when they ran across something relevant.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here\rquote s something \'85 there was a case in 1722 \'85 but the hip\-pogriff was convicted \emdash  ugh, look what they did to it, that\rquote s dis\-gusting \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This might help, look \emdash  a manticore savaged someone in 1296, and they let the manticore off\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  oh \emdash  no, that was only because everyone was too scared to go near it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Meanwhile, in the rest of the castle, the usual magnificent Christmas decorations had been put up, despite the fact that hardly any of the students remained to enjoy them. Thick streamers of holly and mistletoe were strung along the corridors, mysterious lights shone from inside every suit of armor, and the Great Hall was filled with its usual twelve Christmas trees, glittering with golden stars. A powerful and delicious smell of cooking pervaded the cor\-ridors, and by Christmas Eve, it had grown so strong that even Scabbers poked his nose out of the shelter of Ron\rquote s pocket to sniff hopefully at the air.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 On Christmas morning, Harry was woken by Ron throwing his pillow at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oy! Presents!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry reached for his glasses and put them on, squinting through the semi-darkness to the foot of his bed, where a small heap of parcels had appeared. Ron was already ripping the paper off his own presents.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Another sweater from Mum \'85 maroon \i again\i0  \'85 see if you\rquote ve got one.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had. Mrs. Weasley had sent him a scarlet sweater with the Gryffindor lion knitted on the front, also a dozen home-baked mince pies, some Christmas cake, and a box of nut brittle. As he\lang3081  \lang1033 moved all these things aside, he saw a long, thin package lying un\-derneath.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s that?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking over, a freshly unwrapped pair of maroon socks in his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dunno \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry ripped the parcel open and gasped as a magnificent, gleaming broomstick rolled out onto his bedspread. Ron dropped his socks and jumped off his bed for a closer look.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t believe it,\rdblquote  he said hoarsely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was a Firebolt, identical to the dream broom Harry had gone to see every day in Diagon Alley. Its handle glittered as he picked it up. He could feel it vibrating and let go; it hung in midair, unsup\-ported, at exactly the right height for him to mount it. His eyes moved from the golden registration number at the top of the han\-dle, right down to the perfectly smooth, streamlined birch twigs that made up the tail.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who sent it to you?\rdblquote  said Ron in a hushed voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look and see if there\rquote s a card,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron ripped apart the Firebolt\rquote s wrappings.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing! Blimey, who\rquote d spend that much on you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well,\rdblquote  said Harry, feeling stunned, \ldblquote I\rquote m betting it wasn\rquote t the Dursleys.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I bet it was Dumbledore,\rdblquote  said Ron, now walking around and around the Firebolt, taking in every glorious inch. \ldblquote He sent you the Invisibility Cloak anonymously. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was my dad\rquote s, though,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Dumbledore was just passing it on to me. He wouldn\rquote t spend hundreds of Galleons on me. He can\rquote t go giving students stuff like this \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s why he wouldn\rquote t say it was from him!\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote In case some git like Malfoy said it was favoritism. Hey, Harry\rdblquote  \emdash  Ron gave a great whoop of laughter \emdash  \ldblquote\i Malfoy\i0 ! Wait till he sees you on this! He\rquote ll be sick as a pig! This is an \i international\lang3081\i0  \lang1033 standard broom, this is!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t believe this,\rdblquote  Harry muttered, running a hand along the Firebolt, while Ron sank onto Harry\rquote s bed, laughing his head off at the thought of Malfoy. \ldblquote\i Who\i0  \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know,\rdblquote  said Ron, controlling himself, \ldblquote I know who it could\rquote ve been \emdash  Lupin!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry, now starting to laugh himself. \ldblquote\i Lupin\i0 ? Lis\-ten, if he had this much gold, he\rquote d be able to buy himself some new robes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, but he likes you,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote And he was away when your Nimbus got smashed, and he might\rquote ve heard about it and decided to visit Diagon Alley and get this for you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean, he was away?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote He was ill when I was playing in that match.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, he wasn\rquote t in the hospital wing,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I was there, cleaning out the bedpans on that detention from Snape, re\-member?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry frowned at Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t see Lupin affording something like this.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote re you two laughing about?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione had just come in, wearing her dressing gown and car\-rying Crookshanks, who was looking very grumpy, with a string of tinsel tied around his neck.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t bring him in here!\rdblquote  said Ron, hurriedly snatching Scabbers from the depths of his bed and stowing him in his pajama pocket.\lang3081  \lang1033 But Hermione wasn\rquote t listening. She dropped Crookshanks onto Seamus\rquote s empty bed and stared, open-mouthed, at the Firebolt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, \i Harry\i0 ! Who sent you \i that\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No idea,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote There wasn\rquote t a card or anything with it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 To his great surprise, Hermione did not appear either excited or intrigued by the news. On the contrary, her face fell, and she bit her lip.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s the matter with you?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know,\rdblquote  said Hermione slowly, \ldblquote but it\rquote s a bit odd, isn\rquote t it? I mean, this is supposed to be quite a good broom, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron sighed exasperatedly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s the best broom there is, Hermione,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So it must\rquote ve been really expensive. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Probably cost more than all the Slytherins\rquote  brooms put to\-gether,\rdblquote  said Ron happily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 who\rquote d send Harry something as expensive as that, and not even tell him they\rquote d sent it?\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who cares?\rdblquote  said Ron impatiently. \ldblquote Listen, Harry, can I have a go on it? Can I?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t think anyone should ride that broom just yet!\rdblquote  said Hermione shrilly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron looked at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What d\rquote you think Harry\rquote s going to do with it \emdash  sweep the floor?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But before Hermione could answer, Crookshanks sprang from Seamus\rquote s bed, right at Ron\rquote s chest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote GET \emdash  HIM \emdash  OUT \emdash  OF \emdash  HERE!\rdblquote  Ron bellowed as Crookshanks\rquote s claws ripped his pajamas and Scabbers attempted a\lang3081  \lang1033 wild escape over his shoulder. Ron seized Scabbers by the tail and aimed a misjudged kick at Crookshanks that hit the trunk at the end of Harry\rquote s bed, knocking it over and causing Ron to hop up and down, howling with pain.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Crookshanks\rquote s fur suddenly stood on end. A shrill, tinny whistling was filling the room. The Pocket Sneakoscope had be\-come dislodged from Uncle Vernon\rquote s old socks and was whirling and gleaming on the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I forgot about that!\rdblquote  Harry said, bending down and picking up the Sneakoscope. \ldblquote I never wear those socks if I can help it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Sneakoscope whirled and whistled in his palm. Crook\-shanks was hissing and spitting at it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote d better take that cat out of here, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Ron fu\-riously, sitting on Harry\rquote s bed nursing his toe. \ldblquote Can\rquote t you shut that thing up?\rdblquote  he added to Harry as Hermione strode out of the room, Crookshanks\rquote s yellow eyes still fixed maliciously on Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stuffed the Sneakoscope back inside the socks and threw it back into his trunk. All that could be heard now were Ron\rquote s sti\-fled moans of pain and rage. Scabbers was huddled in Ron\rquote s hands. It had been a while since Harry had seen him out of Ron\rquote s pocket, and he was unpleasantly surprised to see that Scabbers, once so fat, was now very skinny; patches of fur seemed to have fallen out too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s not looking too good, is he?\rdblquote  Harry said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s stress!\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote He\rquote d be fine if that big stupid furball left him alone!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry, remembering what the woman at the Magical Menagerie had said about rats living only three years, couldn\rquote t help feeling that unless Scabbers had powers he had never revealed, he was reaching the end of his life. And despite Ron\rquote s frequent com\-plaints that Scabbers was both boring and useless, he was sure Ron would be very miserable if Scabbers died.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Christmas spirit was definitely thin on the ground in the Gryffindor common room that morning. Hermione had shut Crookshanks in her dormitory, but was furious with Ron for trying to kick him; Ron was still fuming about Crookshanks\rquote s fresh at\-tempt to eat Scabbers. Harry gave up trying to make them talk to each other and devoted himself to examining the Firebolt, which he had brought down to the common room with him. For some reason this seemed to annoy Hermione as well; she didn\rquote t say any\-thing, but she kept looking darkly at the broom as though it too had been criticizing her cat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At lunchtime they went down to the Great Hall, to find that the House tables had been moved against the walls again, and that a sin\-gle table, set for twelve, stood in the middle of the room. Professors Dumbledore, McGonagall, Snape, Sprout, and Flitwick were there, along with Filch, the caretaker, who had taken off his usual brown coat and was wearing a very old and rather moldy-looking tailcoat. There were only three other students, two extremely nervous-looking first years and a sullen-faced Slytherin fifth year.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Merry Christmas!\rdblquote  said Dumbledore as Harry, Ron, and Hermione approached the table. \ldblquote As there are so few of us, it seemed foolish to use the House tables. \'85 Sit down, sit down!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat down side by side at the end of the table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Crackers!\rdblquote  said Dumbledore enthusiastically, offering the end of a large silver noisemaker to Snape, who took it reluctantly and tugged. With a bang like a gunshot, the cracker flew apart to reveal a large, pointed witch\rquote s hat topped with a stuffed vulture.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, remembering the boggart, caught Ron\rquote s eye and they both grinned; Snape\rquote s mouth thinned and he pushed the hat toward Dumbledore, who swapped it for his wizard\rquote s hat at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dig in!\rdblquote  he advised the table, beaming around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Harry was helping himself to roast potatoes, the doors of the Great Hall opened again. It was Professor Trelawney, gliding toward them as though on wheels. She had put on a green sequined dress in honor of the occasion, making her look more than ever like a glittering, oversized dragonfly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sibyll, this is a pleasant surprise!\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, standing up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have been crystal gazing, Headmaster,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney in her mistiest, most faraway voice, \ldblquote and to my astonishment, I saw myself abandoning my solitary luncheon and coming to join you. Who am I to refuse the promptings of fate? I at once hastened from my tower, and I do beg you to forgive my lateness. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Certainly, certainly,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, his eyes twinkling. \ldblquote Let me draw you up a chair \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he did indeed draw a chair in midair with his wand, which revolved for a few seconds before falling with a thud between Pro\-fessors Snape and McGonagall. Professor Trelawney, however, did not sit down; her enormous eyes had been roving around the table, and she suddenly uttered a kind of soft scream.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I dare not, Headmaster! If I join the table, we shall be thirteen! Nothing could be more unlucky! Never forget that when thirteen dine together, the first to rise will be the first to die!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll risk it, Sibyll,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall impatiently. \ldblquote Do sit down, the turkey\rquote s getting stone cold.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Trelawney hesitated, then lowered herself into the\lang3081  \lang1033 empty chair, eyes shut and mouth clenched tight, as though ex\-pecting a thunderbolt to hit the table. Professor McGonagall poked a large spoon into the nearest tureen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Tripe, Sibyll?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Trelawney ignored her. Eyes open again, she looked around once more and said, \ldblquote But where is dear Professor Lupin?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m afraid the poor fellow is ill again,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, indi\-cating that everybody should start serving themselves. \ldblquote Most un\-fortunate that it should happen on Christmas Day.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But surely you already knew that, Sibyll?\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, her eyebrows raised.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Trelawney gave Professor McGonagall a very cold look.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Certainly I knew, Minerva,\rdblquote  she said quietly. \ldblquote But one does not parade the fact that one is All-Knowing. I frequently act as though I am not possessed of the Inner Eye, so as not to make others ner\-vous.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That explains a great deal,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall tartly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Trelawney\rquote s voice suddenly became a good deal less misty.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you must know, Minerva, I have seen that poor Professor Lupin will not be with us for very long. He seems aware, himself, that his time is short. He positively fled when I offered to crystal gaze for him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Imagine that,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall dryly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I doubt,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, in a cheerful but slightly raised voice, which put an end to Professor McGonagall and Professor Trelawney\rquote s conversation, \ldblquote that Professor Lupin is in any immedi\-ate danger. Severus, you\rquote ve made the potion for him again?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, Headmaster,\rdblquote  said Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Then he should be up and about in no time. \'85 Derek, have you had any of these chipolatas? They\rquote re excellent.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The first-year boy went furiously red on being addressed directly by Dumbledore, and took the platter of sausages with trembling hands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Trelawney behaved almost normally until the very end of Christmas dinner, two hours later. Full to bursting with Christ\-mas dinner and still wearing their party hats, Harry and Ron got up first from the table and she shrieked loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My dears! Which of you left his seat first? Which?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dunno,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking uneasily at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I doubt it will make much difference,\rdblquote  said Professor McGona\-gall coldly, \ldblquote unless a mad axe-man is waiting outside the doors to slaughter the first into the entrance hall.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Even Ron laughed. Professor Trelawney looked highly affronted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Coming?\rdblquote  Harry said to Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  Hermione muttered, \ldblquote I want a quick word with Professor McGonagall.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Probably trying to see if she can take any more classes,\rdblquote  yawned Ron as they made their way into the entrance hall, which was com\-pletely devoid of mad axe-men.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 When they reached the portrait hole, they found Sir Cadogan enjoying a Christmas party with a couple of monks, several previ\-ous headmasters of Hogwarts, and his fat pony. He pushed up his visor and toasted them with a flagon of mead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Merry \emdash  hic \emdash  Christmas! Password?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Scurvy cur,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And the same to you, sir!\rdblquote  roared Sir Cadogan as the painting swung forward to admit them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry went straight up to the dormitory, collected the Firebolt and the Broomstick Servicing Kit Hermione had given him for his birthday, brought them downstairs, and tried to find something to do to the Firebolt; however, there were no bent twigs to clip, and the handle was so shiny already it seemed pointless to polish it. He and Ron simply sat admiring it from every angle until the portrait hole opened, and Hermione came in, accompanied by Professor McGonagall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Though Professor McGonagall was head of Gryffindor House, Harry had seen her in the common room only once before, and that had been to make a very grave announcement. He and Ron stared at her, both holding the Firebolt. Hermione walked around them, sat down, picked up the nearest book, and hid her face be\-hind it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So that\rquote s it, is it?\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall beadily, walking over to the fireside and staring at the Firebolt. \ldblquote Miss Granger has just informed me that you have been sent a broomstick, Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron looked around at Hermione. They could see her forehead reddening over the top of her book, which was upside down.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote May I?\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, but she didn\rquote t wait for an answer before pulling the Firebolt out of their hands. She exam\-ined it carefully from handle to twig-ends. \ldblquote Hmm. And there was no note at all, Potter? No card? No message of any kind?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry blankly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I see \'85 ,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote Well, I\rquote m afraid I will have to take this, Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote W \emdash  what?\rdblquote  said Harry, scrambling to his feet. \ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It will need to be checked for jinxes,\rdblquote  said Professor McGona\-gall. \ldblquote Of course, I\rquote m no expert, but I daresay Madam Hooch and Professor Flitwick will strip it down \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Strip it down?\rdblquote  repeated Ron, as though Professor McGonagall was mad.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It shouldn\rquote t take more than a few weeks,\rdblquote  said Professor Mc\-Gonagall. \ldblquote You will have it back if we are sure it is jinx-free.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s nothing wrong with it!\rdblquote  said Harry, his voice shaking slightly. \ldblquote Honestly, Professor \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You can\rquote t know that, Potter,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, quite kindly, \ldblquote not until you\rquote ve flown it, at any rate, and I\rquote m afraid that is out of the question until we are certain that it has not been tam\-pered with. I shall keep you informed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall turned on her heel and carried the Fire\-bolt out of the portrait hole, which closed behind her. Harry stood staring after her, the tin of High-Finish Polish still clutched in his hands. Ron, however, rounded on Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i What did you go running to McGonagall for\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione threw her book aside. She was still pink in the face, but stood up and faced Ron defiantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because I thought \emdash  and Professor McGonagall agrees with me \emdash  that that broom was probably sent to Harry by Sirius Black!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter12\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Patronus\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry knew that Hermione had meant well, but that didn\rquote t stop him from being angry with her. He had been the owner of the best broom in the world for a few short hours, and now, because of her interference, he didn\rquote t know whether he would ever see it again. He was positive that there was nothing wrong with the Firebolt now, but what sort of state would it be in once it had been subjected to all sorts of anti-jinx tests?\par
Ron was furious with Hermione too. As far as he was concerned, the stripping-down of a brand-new Firebolt was nothing less than criminal damage. Hermione, who remained convinced that she had acted for the best, started avoiding the common room. Harry and Ron supposed she had taken refuge in the library and didn\rquote t try to persuade her to come back. All in all, they were glad when the rest of the school returned shortly after New Year, and Gryffindor Tower became crowded and noisy again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Wood sought Harry out on the night before term started.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Had a good Christmas?\rdblquote  he said, and then, without waiting for an answer, he sat down, lowered his voice, and said, \ldblquote I\rquote ve been do\-ing some thinking over Christmas, Harry. After the last match, you know. If the dementors come to the next one \'85 I mean \'85 we can\rquote t afford you to \emdash  well \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Wood broke off, looking awkward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m working on it,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly. \ldblquote Professor Lupin said he\rquote d train me to ward off the dementors. We should be starting this week. He said he\rquote d have time after Christmas.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah,\rdblquote  said Wood, his expression clearing. \ldblquote Well, in that case \emdash  I really didn\rquote t want to lose you as Seeker, Harry. And have you ordered a new broom yet?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What! You\rquote d better get a move on, you know \emdash  you can\rquote t ride that Shooting Star against Ravenclaw!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He got a Firebolt for Christmas,\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A \i Firebolt\i0 ? No! Seriously? A \emdash  a real \i Firebolt\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t get excited, Oliver,\rdblquote  said Harry gloomily. \ldblquote I haven\rquote t got it anymore. It was confiscated.\rdblquote  And he explained all about how the Firebolt was now being checked for jinxes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Jinxed? How could it be jinxed?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius Black,\rdblquote  Harry said wearily. \ldblquote He\rquote s supposed to be after me. So McGonagall reckons he might have sent it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Waving aside the information that a famous murderer was after his Seeker, Wood said, \ldblquote But Black couldn\rquote t have bought a Firebolt! He\rquote s on the run! The whole country\rquote s on the lookout for him! How could he just walk into Quality Quidditch Supplies and buy a broomstick?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote but McGonagall still wants to strip it down \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Wood went pale.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll go and talk to her, Harry,\rdblquote  he promised. \ldblquote I\rquote ll make her see reason. \'85 A Firebolt\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 a real Firebolt, on our team \'85 She wants Gryffindor to win as much as we do. \'85 I\rquote ll make her see sense. A \i Firebolt\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Classes started again the next day. The last thing anyone felt like do\-ing was spending two hours on the grounds on a raw January morn\-ing, but Hagrid had provided a bonfire full of salamanders for their enjoyment, and they spent an unusually good lesson collecting dry wood and leaves to keep the fire blazing while the flame-loving lizards scampered up and down the crumbling, white-hot logs. The first Divination lesson of the new term was much less fun; Professor Trelawney was now teaching them palmistry, and she lost no time in informing Harry that he had the shortest life line she had ever seen.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was Defense Against the Dark Arts that Harry was keen to get to; after his conversation with Wood, he wanted to get started on his anti-dementor lessons as soon as possible.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah yes,\rdblquote  said Lupin, when Harry reminded him of his promise at the end of class. \ldblquote Let me see \'85 how about eight o\rquote clock on Thursday evening? The History of Magic classroom should be large enough. \'85 I\rquote ll have to think carefully about how we\rquote re going to do this. \'85 We can\rquote t bring a real dementor into the castle to practice on. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Still looks ill, doesn\rquote t he?\rdblquote  said Ron as they walked down the cor\-ridor, heading to dinner. \ldblquote What d\rquote you reckon\rquote s the matter with him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a loud and impatient \lang3081\ldblquote\lang1033 tuh\lang3081\rdblquote\lang1033  from behind them. It was\lang3081  \lang1033 Hermione, who had been sitting at the feet of a suit of armor, repacking her bag, which was so full of books it wouldn\rquote t close.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what are you tutting at us for?\rdblquote  said Ron irritably.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a lofty voice, heaving her bag back over her shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, you were,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote I said I wonder what\rquote s wrong with Lupin, and you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, isn\rquote t it \i obvious\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Hermione, with a look of madden\-ing superiority.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you don\rquote t want to tell us, don\rquote t,\rdblquote  snapped Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine,\rdblquote  said Hermione haughtily, and she marched off.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She doesn\rquote t know,\rdblquote  said Ron, staring resentfully after Hermione. \ldblquote She\rquote s just trying to get us to talk to her again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 At eight o\rquote clock on Thursday evening, Harry left Gryffindor Tower for the History of Magic classroom. It was dark and empty when he arrived, but he lit the lamps with his wand and had waited only five minutes when Professor Lupin turned up, carrying a large packing case, which he heaved onto Professor Binns\rquote  desk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s that?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Another boggart,\rdblquote  said Lupin, stripping off his cloak. \ldblquote I\rquote ve been combing the castle ever since Tuesday, and very luckily, I found this one lurking inside Mr. Filch\rquote s filing cabinet. It\rquote s the nearest we\rquote ll get to a real dementor. The boggart will turn into a dementor when he sees you, so we\rquote ll be able to practice on him. I can store him in my office when we\rquote re not using him; there\rquote s a cupboard under my desk he\rquote ll like.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  said Harry, trying to sound as though he wasn\rquote t apprehensive at all and merely glad that Lupin had found such a good substitute for a real dementor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So \'85\rdblquote  Professor Lupin had taken out his own wand, and in\-dicated that Harry should do the same. \ldblquote The spell I am going to try and teach you is highly advanced magic, Harry \emdash  well beyond Ordinary Wizarding Level. It is called the Patronus Charm.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How does it work?\rdblquote  said Harry nervously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, when it works correctly, it conjures up a Patronus,\rdblquote  said Lupin, \ldblquote which is a kind of anti-dementor \emdash  a guardian that acts as a shield between you and the dementor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had a sudden vision of himself crouching behind a Hagrid-sized figure holding a large club. Professor Lupin continued, \ldblquote The Patronus is a kind of positive force, a projection of the very things that the dementor feeds upon \emdash  hope, happiness, the desire to survive \emdash  but it cannot feel despair, as real humans can, so the de\-mentors can\rquote t hurt it. But I must warn you, Harry, that the charm might be too advanced for you. Many qualified wizards have diffi\-culty with it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What does a Patronus look like?\rdblquote  said Harry curiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Each one is unique to the wizard who conjures it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And how do you conjure it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote With an incantation, which will work only if you are concen\-trating, with all your might, on a single, very happy memory.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry cast his mind about for a happy memory. Certainly, nothing that had happened to him at the Dursleys\rquote  was going to do. Finally, he settled on the moment when he had first ridden a broomstick.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  he said, trying to recall as exactly as possible the won\-derful, soaring sensation of his stomach.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The incantation is this \emdash\rdblquote  Lupin cleared his throat. \ldblquote\i Expecto patronum\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Expecto patronum\i0 ,\rdblquote  Harry repeated under his breath, \ldblquote\i expecto patronum.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Concentrating hard on your happy memory?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \emdash  yeah \emdash\rdblquote  said Harry, quickly forcing his thoughts back to that first broom ride. \ldblquote\i Expecto patrono\i0  \emdash  no, \i patronum\i0  \emdash  sorry \emdash  \i expecto patronum, expecto patronum\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Something whooshed suddenly out of the end of his wand; it looked like a wisp of silvery gas.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you see that?\rdblquote  said Harry excitedly. \ldblquote Something happened!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very good,\rdblquote  said Lupin, smiling. \ldblquote Right, then \emdash  ready to try it on a dementor?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  Harry said, gripping his wand very tightly, and moving into the middle of the deserted classroom. He tried to keep his mind on flying, but something else kept intruding. \'85 Any second now, he might hear his mother again \'85 but he shouldn\rquote t think that, or he \i would\i0  hear her again, and he didn\rquote t want to \'85 or did he?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin grasped the lid of the packing case and pulled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A dementor rose slowly from the box, its hooded face turned toward Harry, one glistening, scabbed hand gripping its cloak. The lamps around the classroom flickered and went out. The dementor stepped from the box and started to sweep silently toward Harry, drawing a deep, rattling breath. A wave of piercing cold broke over him \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Expecto patronum\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry yelled. \ldblquote\i Expecto patronum\i0 ! \i Ex\-pecto\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the classroom and the dementor were dissolving. \'85 Harry\lang3081  \lang1033 was falling again through thick white fog, and his mother\rquote s voice was louder than ever, echoing inside his head \emdash  \ldblquote\i Not Harry\i0 ! \i Not Harry\i0 ! \i Please\i0  \emdash  \i I\rquote ll do anything\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Stand aside\i0 . \i Stand aside, girl\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry jerked back to life. He was lying flat on his back on the floor. The classroom lamps were alight again. He didn\rquote t have to ask what had happened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry,\rdblquote  he muttered, sitting up and feeling cold sweat trickling down behind his glasses.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you all right?\rdblquote  said Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  Harry pulled himself up on one of the desks and leaned against it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here \emdash\rdblquote  Lupin handed him a Chocolate Frog. \ldblquote Eat this before we try again. I didn\rquote t expect you to do it your first time; in fact, I would have been astounded if you had.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s getting worse,\rdblquote  Harry muttered, biting off the Frog\rquote s head. \ldblquote I could hear her louder that time \emdash  and him \emdash  Voldemort \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin looked paler than usual.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, if you don\rquote t want to continue, I will more than under\-stand \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I do!\rdblquote  said Harry fiercely, stuffing the rest of the Chocolate Frog into his mouth. \ldblquote I\rquote ve got to! What if the dementors turn up at our match against Ravenclaw? I can\rquote t afford to fall off again. If we lose this game we\rquote ve lost the Quidditch Cup!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right then \'85 ,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote You might want to select another memory, a happy memory, I mean, to concentrate on. \'85 That one doesn\rquote t seem to have been strong enough. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry thought hard and decided his feelings when Gryffindor had won the House Championship last year had definitely quali\-fied as very happy. He gripped his wand tightly again and took up his position in the middle of the classroom.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ready?\rdblquote  said Lupin, gripping the box lid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ready,\rdblquote  said Harry, trying hard to fill his head with happy thoughts about Gryffindor winning, and not dark thoughts about what was going to happen when the box opened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Go!\rdblquote  said Lupin, pulling off the lid. The room went icily cold and dark once more. The dementor glided forward, drawing its breath; one rotting hand was extending toward Harry \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Expecto patronum\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry yelled. \ldblquote\i Expecto patronum\i0 ! \i Expecto pat\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 White fog obscured his senses \'85 big, blurred shapes were mov\-ing around him \'85 then came a new voice, a man\rquote s voice, shout\-ing, panicking \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Lily, take Harry and go\i0 ! \i It\rquote s him\i0 ! \i Go\i0 ! \i Run\i0 ! \i I\rquote ll hold him off\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i The sounds of someone stumbling from a room \emdash  a door bursting open \emdash  a cackle of high-pitched laughter \emdash\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry! Harry \'85 wake up. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin was tapping Harry hard on the face. This time it was a minute before Harry understood why he was lying on a dusty class\-room floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I heard my dad,\rdblquote  Harry mumbled. \ldblquote That\rquote s the first time I\rquote ve ever heard him \emdash  he tried to take on Voldemort himself, to give my mum time to run for it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry suddenly realized that there were tears on his face min\-gling with the sweat. He bent his face as low as possible, wiping\lang3081  \lang1033 them off on his robes, pretending to do up his shoelace, so that Lupin wouldn\rquote t see.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You heard James?\rdblquote  said Lupin in a strange voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  Face dry, Harry looked up. \ldblquote Why \emdash  you didn\rquote t know my dad, did you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  I did, as a matter of fact,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote We were friends at Hogwarts. Listen, Harry \emdash  perhaps we should leave it here for tonight. This charm is ridiculously advanced. \'85 I shouldn\rquote t have suggested putting you through this. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  said Harry. He got up again. \ldblquote I\rquote ll have one more go! I\rquote m not thinking of happy enough things, that\rquote s what it is. \'85 Hang on. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He racked his brains. A really, really happy memory \'85 one that he could turn into a good, strong Patronus \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The moment when he\rquote d first found out he was a wizard, and would be leaving the Dursleys for Hogwarts! If that wasn\rquote t a happy memory, he didn\rquote t know what was. \'85 Concentrating very hard on how he had felt when he\rquote d realized he\rquote d be leaving Privet Drive, Harry got to his feet and faced the packing case once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ready?\rdblquote  said Lupin, who looked as though he were doing this against his better judgment. \ldblquote Concentrating hard? All right \emdash  go!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pulled off the lid of the case for the third time, and the de\-mentor rose out of it; the room fell cold and dark \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i EXPECTO PATRONUM\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry bellowed. \ldblquote\i EXPECTO PA\-TRONUM\i0 !\i  EXPECTO PATRONUM\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The screaming inside Harry\rquote s head had started again \emdash  except this time, it sounded as though it were coming from a badly tuned radio \emdash  softer and louder and softer again \emdash  and he could still see\lang3081  \lang1033 the dementor \emdash  it had halted \emdash  and then a huge, silver shadow came bursting out of the end of Harry\rquote s wand, to hover between him and the dementor, and though Harry\rquote s legs felt like water, he was still on his feet \emdash  though for how much longer, he wasn\rquote t sure \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Riddikulus\i0 !\rdblquote  roared Lupin, springing forward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a loud crack, and Harry\rquote s cloudy Patronus vanished along with the dementor; he sank into a chair, feeling as exhausted as if he\rquote d just run a mile, and felt his legs shaking. Out of the cor\-ner of his eye, he saw Professor Lupin forcing the boggart back into the packing case with his wand; it had turned into a silvery orb again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excellent!\rdblquote  Lupin said, striding over to where Harry sat. \ldblquote Ex\-cellent, Harry! That was definitely a start!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can we have another go? Just one more go?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not now,\rdblquote  said Lupin firmly. \ldblquote You\rquote ve had enough for one night. Here \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He handed Harry a large bar of Honeydukes\rquote  best chocolate.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Eat the lot, or Madam Pomfrey will be after my blood. Same time next week?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  said Harry. He took a bite of the chocolate and watched Lupin extinguishing the lamps that had rekindled with the disap\-pearance of the dementor. A thought had just occurred to him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Lupin?\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote If you knew my dad, you must\rquote ve known Sirius Black as well.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin turned very quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What gives you that idea?\rdblquote  he said sharply.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing \emdash  I mean, I just knew they were friends at Hogwarts too. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin\rquote s face relaxed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I knew him,\rdblquote  he said shortly. \ldblquote Or I thought I did. You\rquote d better be off, Harry, it\rquote s getting late.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry left the classroom, walking along the corridor and around a corner, then took a detour behind a suit of armor and sank down on its plinth to finish his chocolate, wishing he hadn\rquote t mentioned Black, as Lupin was obviously not keen on the subject. Then Harry\rquote s thoughts wandered back to his mother and father. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He felt drained and strangely empty, even though he was so full of chocolate. Terrible though it was to hear his parents\rquote  last mo\-ments replayed inside his head, these were the only times Harry had heard their voices since he was a very small child. But he\rquote d never be able to produce a proper Patronus if he half wanted to hear his parents again. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re dead,\rdblquote  he told himself sternly. \ldblquote They\rquote re dead and lis\-tening to echoes of them won\rquote t bring them back. You\rquote d better get a grip on yourself if you want that Quidditch Cup.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He stood up, crammed the last bit of chocolate into his mouth, and headed back to Gryffindor Tower.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Ravenclaw played Slytherin a week after the start of term. Slytherin won, though narrowly. According to Wood, this was good news for Gryffindor, who would take second place if they beat Ravenclaw too. He therefore increased the number of team practices to five a week. This meant that with Lupin\rquote s anti-dementor classes, which in themselves were more draining than six Quidditch practices, Harry had just one night a week to do all his homework. Even so, he wasn\rquote t showing the strain nearly as much as Hermione, whose\lang3081  \lang1033 immense workload finally seemed to be getting to her. Every night, without fail, Hermione was to be seen in a corner of the common room, several tables spread with books, Arithmancy charts, rune dictionaries, diagrams of Muggles lifting heavy objects, and file upon file of extensive notes; she barely spoke to anybody and snapped when she was interrupted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How\rquote s she doing it?\rdblquote  Ron muttered to Harry one evening as Harry sat finishing a nasty essay on Undetectable Poisons for Snape. Harry looked up. Hermione was barely visible behind a tot\-tering pile of books.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Doing what?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Getting to all her classes!\rdblquote  Ron said. \ldblquote I heard her talking to Pro\-fessor Vector, that Arithmancy witch, this morning. They were go\-ing on about yesterday\rquote s lesson, but Hermione can\rquote t\rquote ve been there, because she was with us in Care of Magical Creatures! And Ernie McMillan told me she\rquote s never missed a Muggle Studies class, but half of them are at the same time as Divination, and she\rquote s never missed one of them either!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry didn\rquote t have time to fathom the mystery of Hermione\rquote s im\-possible schedule at the moment; he really needed to get on with Snape\rquote s essay. Two seconds later, however, he was interrupted again, this time by Wood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Bad news, Harry. I\rquote ve just been to see Professor McGonagall about the Firebolt. She \emdash  er \emdash  got a bit \i shirty\i0  with me. Told me I\rquote d got my priorities wrong. Seemed to think I cared more about winning the Cup than I do about you staying alive. Just because I told her I didn\rquote t care if it threw you off, as long as you caught the Snitch first.\rdblquote  Wood shook his head in disbelief. \ldblquote Honestly, the\lang3081  \lang1033 way she was yelling at me \'85 you\rquote d think I\rquote d said something terri\-ble. \'85 Then I asked her how much longer she was going to keep it. \'85\rdblquote  He screwed up his face and imitated Professor McGona\-gall\rquote s severe voice. \lang3081\ldblquote  \lquote\lang1033 As long as necessary, Wood\lang3081\rquote\lang1033  \'85 I reckon it\rquote s time you ordered a new broom, Harry. There\rquote s an order form at the back of \i Which Broomstick\i0  \i\'85 \i0 you could get a Nimbus Two Thou\-sand and One, like Malfoy\rquote s got.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not buying anything Malfoy thinks is good,\rdblquote  said Harry flatly.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 January faded imperceptibly into February, with no change in the bitterly cold weather. The match against Ravenclaw was drawing nearer and nearer, but Harry still hadn\rquote t ordered a new broom. He was now asking Professor McGonagall for news of the Firebolt af\-ter every Transfiguration lesson, Ron standing hopefully at his shoulder, Hermione rushing past with her face averted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, Potter, you can\rquote t have it back yet,\rdblquote  Professor McGonagall told him the twelfth time this happened, before he\rquote d even opened his mouth. \ldblquote We\rquote ve checked for most of the usual curses, but Pro\-fessor Flitwick believes the broom might be carrying a Hurling Hex. I shall \i tell\i0  you once we\rquote ve finished checking it. Now, please stop badgering me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 To make matters even worse, Harry\rquote s anti-dementor lessons were not going nearly as well as he had hoped. Several sessions on, he was able to produce an indistinct, silvery shadow every time the boggart-dementor approached him, but his Patronus was too feeble to drive the dementor away. All it did was hover, like a semi-transparent cloud, draining Harry of energy as he fought to keep it\lang3081  \lang1033 there. Harry felt angry with himself, guilty about his secret desire to hear his parents\rquote  voices again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re expecting too much of yourself,\rdblquote  said Professor Lupin sternly in their fourth week of practice. \ldblquote For a thirteen-year-old wizard, even an indistinct Patronus is a huge achievement. You aren\rquote t passing out anymore, are you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought a Patronus would \emdash  charge the dementors down or something,\rdblquote  said Harry dispiritedly. \ldblquote Make them disappear \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The true Patronus does do that,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote But you\rquote ve achieved a great deal in a very short space of time. If the dementors put in an appearance at your next Quidditch match, you will be able to keep them at bay long enough to get back to the ground.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You said it\rquote s harder if there are loads of them,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have complete confidence in you,\rdblquote  said Lupin, smiling. \ldblquote Here \emdash  you\rquote ve earned a drink \emdash  something from the Three Broomsticks. You won\rquote t have tried it before \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pulled two bottles out of his briefcase.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Butterbeer!\rdblquote  said Harry, without thinking. \ldblquote Yeah, I like that stuff!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin raised an eyebrow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \emdash  Ron and Hermione brought me some back from Hogsmeade,\rdblquote  Harry lied quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I see,\rdblquote  said Lupin, though he still looked slightly suspicious. \ldblquote Well \emdash  let\rquote s drink to a Gryffindor victory against Ravenclaw! Not that I\rquote m supposed to take sides, as a teacher \'85 ,\rdblquote  he added hastily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They drank the butterbeer in silence, until Harry voiced some\-thing he\rquote d been wondering for a while.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s under a dementor\rquote s hood?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Lupin lowered his bottle thoughtfully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hmmm \'85 well, the only people who really know are in no condition to tell us. You see, the dementor lowers its hood only to use its last and worst weapon.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They call it the Dementor\rquote s Kiss,\rdblquote  said Lupin, with a slightly twisted smile. \ldblquote It\rquote s what dementors do to those they wish to destroy utterly. I suppose there must be some kind of mouth under there, because they clamp their jaws upon the mouth of the victim and \emdash  and suck out his soul.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry accidentally spat out a bit of butterbeer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What \emdash  they kill \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh no,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote Much worse than that. You can exist with\-out your soul, you know, as long as your brain and heart are still working. But you\rquote ll have no sense of self anymore, no memory, no \'85 anything. There\rquote s no chance at all of recovery. You\rquote ll just \emdash  exist. As an empty shell. And your soul is gone forever \'85 lost.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin drank a little more butterbeer, then said, \ldblquote It\rquote s the fate that awaits Sirius Black. It was in the \i Daily Prophet\i0  this morning. The Ministry have given the dementors permission to perform it if they find him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sat stunned for a moment at the idea of someone having their soul sucked out through their mouth. But then he thought of Black.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He deserves it,\rdblquote  he said suddenly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You think so?\rdblquote  said Lupin lightly. \ldblquote Do you really think anyone deserves that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry defiantly. \ldblquote For \'85 for some things \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He would have liked to have told Lupin about the conversation he\rquote d overheard about Black in the Three Broomsticks, about Black betraying his mother and father, but it would have involved reveal\-ing that he\rquote d gone to Hogsmeade without permission, and he knew Lupin wouldn\rquote t be very impressed by that. So he finished his but\-terbeer, thanked Lupin, and left the History of Magic classroom.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry half wished that he hadn\rquote t asked what was under a de\-mentor\rquote s hood, the answer had been so horrible, and he was so lost in unpleasant thoughts of what it would feel like to have your soul sucked out of you that he walked headlong into Professor McGo\-nagall halfway up the stairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do watch where you\rquote re going, Potter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry, Professor \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve just been looking for you in the Gryffindor common room. Well, here it is, we\rquote ve done everything we could think of, and there doesn\rquote t seem to be anything wrong with it at all. You\rquote ve got a very good friend somewhere, Potter. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s jaw dropped. She was holding out his Firebolt, and it looked as magnificent as ever.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can have it back?\rdblquote  Harry said weakly. \ldblquote Seriously?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Seriously,\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall, and she was actually smiling. \ldblquote I daresay you\rquote ll need to get the feel of it before Saturday\rquote s match, won\rquote t you? And Potter \emdash  \i do\i0  try and win, won\rquote t you? Or we\rquote ll be out of the running for the eighth year in a row, as Profes\-sor Snape was kind enough to remind me only last night. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Speechless, Harry carried the Firebolt back upstairs toward Gryffindor Tower. As he turned a corner, he saw Ron dashing toward him, grinning from ear to ear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She gave it to you? Excellent! Listen, can I still have a go on it? Tomorrow?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 anything \'85 ,\rdblquote  said Harry, his heart lighter than it had been in a month. \ldblquote You know what \emdash  we should make up with Hermione. \'85 She was only trying to help. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, all right,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote She\rquote s in the common room now \emdash  working, for a change \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They turned into the corridor to Gryffindor Tower and saw Neville Longbottom, pleading with Sir Cadogan, who seemed to be refusing him entrance.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wrote them down!\rdblquote  Neville was saying tearfully. \ldblquote But I must\rquote ve dropped them somewhere!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A likely tale!\rdblquote  roared Sir Cadogan. Then, spotting\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry and Ron: \ldblquote Good even, my fine young yeomen! Come clap this loon in irons. He is trying to force entry to the chambers within!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, shut up,\rdblquote  said Ron as he and Harry drew level with Neville.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve lost the passwords!\rdblquote  Neville told them miserably. \ldblquote I made him tell me what passwords he was going to use this week, because he keeps changing them, and now I don\rquote t know what I\rquote ve done with them!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oddsbodikins,\rdblquote  said Harry to Sir Cadogan, who looked ex\-tremely disappointed and reluctantly swung forward to let them into the common room. There was a sudden, excited murmur as every head turned and the next moment, Harry was surrounded by people exclaiming over his Firebolt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote d you get it, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Will you let me have a go?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have you ridden it yet, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ravenclaw\rquote ll have no chance, they\rquote re all on Cleansweep Sevens!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can I just \i hold\i0  it, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 After ten minutes or so, during which the Firebolt was passed around and admired from every angle, the crowd dispersed and Harry and Ron had a clear view of Hermione, the only person who hadn\rquote t rushed over to them, bent over her work and carefully avoid\-ing their eyes. Harry and Ron approached her table and at last, she looked up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I got it back,\rdblquote  said Harry, grinning at her and holding up the Firebolt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote See, Hermione? There wasn\rquote t anything wrong with it!\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well \emdash  there \i might\i0  have been!\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote I mean, at least you know now that it\rquote s safe!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I suppose so,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote I\rquote d better put it upstairs \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll take it!\rdblquote  said Ron eagerly. \ldblquote I\rquote ve got to give Scabbers his rat tonic.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He took the Firebolt and, holding it as if it were made of glass, carried it away up the boys\rquote  staircase.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can I sit down, then?\rdblquote  Harry asked Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I suppose so,\rdblquote  said Hermione, moving a great stack of parch\-ment off a chair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked around at the cluttered table, at the long Arith\-mancy essay on which the ink was still glistening, at the even longer Muggle Studies essay (\lang3081\ldblquote\lang1033 Explain Why Muggles Need Electricity\lang3081\rdblquote\lang1033 ) and at the rune translation Hermione was now poring over.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How are you getting through all this stuff?\rdblquote  Harry asked her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, well \emdash  you know \emdash  working hard,\rdblquote  said Hermione. Close-up, Harry saw that she looked almost as tired as Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why don\rquote t you just drop a couple of subjects?\rdblquote  Harry asked, watching her lifting books as she searched for her rune dictionary.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I couldn\rquote t do that!\rdblquote  said Hermione, looking scandalized.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Arithmancy looks terrible,\rdblquote  said Harry, picking up a very com\-plicated-looking number chart.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh no, it\rquote s wonderful!\rdblquote  said Hermione earnestly. \ldblquote It\rquote s my fa\-vorite subject! It\rquote s \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But exactly what was wonderful about Arithmancy, Harry never found out. At that precise moment, a strangled yell echoed down the boys\rquote  staircase. The whole common room fell silent, staring, petrified, at the entrance. Then came hurried footsteps, growing louder and louder \emdash  and then Ron came leaping into view, drag\-ging with him a bedsheet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote LOOK!\rdblquote  he bellowed, striding over to Hermione\rquote s table. \ldblquote LOOK!\rdblquote  he yelled, shaking the sheets in her face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, what \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote SCABBERS! LOOK! SCABBERS!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione was leaning away from Ron, looking utterly bewil\-dered. Harry looked down at the sheet Ron was holding. There was something red on it. Something that looked horribly like \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote BLOOD!\rdblquote  Ron yelled into the stunned silence. \ldblquote HE\rquote S GONE! AND YOU KNOW WHAT WAS ON THE FLOOR?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote N \emdash  no,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a trembling voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron threw something down onto Hermione\rquote s rune translation. Hermione and Harry leaned forward. Lying on top of the weird, spiky shapes were several long, ginger cat hairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 13\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Gryffindor versus Ravenclaw\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
It looked like the end of Ron and Hermione\rquote s friendship. Each was so angry with the other that Harry couldn\rquote t see how they\rquote d ever make up.\par
Ron was enraged that Hermione had never taken Crookshanks\rquote s attempts to eat Scabbers seriously, hadn\rquote t bothered to keep a close enough watch on him, and was still trying to pretend that Crook\-shanks was innocent by suggesting that Ron look for Scabbers un\-der all the boys\rquote  beds. Hermione, meanwhile, maintained fiercely that Ron had no proof that Crookshanks had eaten Scabbers, that the ginger hairs might have been there since Christmas, and that Ron had been prejudiced against her cat ever since Crookshanks had landed on Ron\rquote s head in the Magical Menagerie.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Personally, Harry was sure that Crookshanks had eaten Scab\-bers, and when he tried to point out to Hermione that the evidence all pointed that way, she lost her temper with Harry too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay, side with Ron, I knew you would!\rdblquote  she said shrilly. \ldblquote First the Firebolt, now Scabbers, everything\rquote s my fault, isn\rquote t it! Just leave me alone, Harry, I\rquote ve got a lot of work to do!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron had taken the loss of his rat very hard indeed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on, Ron, you were always saying how boring Scabbers was,\rdblquote  said Fred bracingly \ldblquote And he\rquote s been off-color for ages, he was wasting away. It was probably better for him to snuff it quickly \emdash  one swallow \emdash  he probably didn\rquote t feel a thing.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Fred\i0 !\rdblquote  said Ginny indignantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All he did was eat and sleep, Ron, you said it yourself,\rdblquote  said George.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He bit Goyle for us once!\rdblquote  Ron said miserably. \ldblquote Remember, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, that\rquote s true,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote His finest hour,\rdblquote  said Fred, unable to keep a straight face. \ldblquote Let the scar on Goyle\rquote s finger stand as a lasting tribute to his memory. Oh, come on, Ron, get yourself down to Hogsmeade and buy a new rat, what\rquote s the point of moaning?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 In a last-ditch attempt to cheer Ron up, Harry persuaded him to come along to the Gryffindor team\rquote s final practice before the Ravenclaw match, so that he could have a ride on the Firebolt after they\rquote d finished. This did seem to take Ron\rquote s mind off Scabbers for a moment (\lang3081\ldblquote\lang1033 Great! Can I try and shoot a few goals on it?\lang3081\rdblquote\lang1033 ) so they set off for the Quidditch field together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Madam Hooch, who was still overseeing Gryffindor practices to keep an eye on Harry, was just as impressed with the Firebolt as everyone else had been. She took it in her hands before takeoff and gave them the benefit of her professional opinion.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look at the balance on it! If the Nimbus series has a fault, it\rquote s a slight list to the tail end \emdash  you often find they develop a drag after a few years. They\rquote ve updated the handle too, a bit slimmer than the Cleansweeps, reminds me of the old Silver Arrows \emdash  a pity they\rquote ve stopped making them. I learned to fly on one, and a very fine old broom it was too. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She continued in this vein for some time, until Wood said, \ldblquote Er \emdash  Madam Hooch? Is it okay if Harry has the Firebolt back? We need to practice. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \emdash  right \emdash  here you are, then, Potter,\rdblquote  said Madam Hooch. \ldblquote I\rquote ll sit over here with Weasley \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She and Ron left the field to sit in the stadium, and the Gryffindor team gathered around Wood for his final instructions for tomorrow\rquote s match.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I\rquote ve just found out who Ravenclaw is playing as Seeker. It\rquote s Cho Chang. She\rquote s a fourth year, and she\rquote s pretty good. \'85 I really hoped she wouldn\rquote t be fit, she\rquote s had some problems with in\-juries. \'85\rdblquote  Wood scowled his displeasure that Cho Chang had made a full recovery, then said, \ldblquote On the other hand, she rides a Comet Two Sixty, which is going to look like a joke next to the Firebolt.\rdblquote  He gave Harry\rquote s broom a look of fervent admiration, then said, \ldblquote Okay, everyone, let\rquote s go \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And at long last, Harry mounted his Firebolt, and kicked off from the ground.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was better than he\rquote d ever dreamed. The Firebolt turned with the lightest touch; it seemed to obey his thoughts rather than his grip; it sped across the field at such speed that the stadium turned into a green-and-gray blur; Harry turned it so sharply that Alicia\lang3081  \lang1033 Spinnet screamed, then he went into a perfectly controlled dive, brushing the grassy field with his toes before rising thirty, forty, fifty feet into the air again \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I\rquote m letting the Snitch out!\rdblquote  Wood called.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned and raced a Bludger toward the goal posts; he out\-stripped it easily, saw the Snitch dart out from behind Wood, and within ten seconds had caught it tightly in his hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The team cheered madly. Harry let the Snitch go again, gave it a minute\rquote s head start, then tore after it, weaving in and out of the others; he spotted it lurking near Katie Bell\rquote s knee, looped her eas\-ily, and caught it again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was the best practice ever; the team, inspired by the presence of the Firebolt in their midst, performed their best moves fault\-lessly, and by the time they hit the ground again, Wood didn\rquote t have a single criticism to make, which, as George Weasley pointed out, was a first.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t see what\rquote s going to stop us tomorrow!\rdblquote  said Wood. \ldblquote Not unless \emdash  Harry, you\rquote ve sorted out your dementor problem, haven\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, thinking of his feeble Patronus and wishing it were stronger.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The dementors won\rquote t turn up again, Oliver. Dumbledore\rquote d go ballistic,\rdblquote  said Fred confidently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, let\rquote s hope not,\rdblquote  said Wood. \ldblquote Anyway \emdash  good work, everyone. Let\rquote s get back to the tower \'85 turn in early \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m staying out for a bit; Ron wants a go on the Firebolt,\rdblquote  Harry told Wood, and while the rest of the team headed off to the locker rooms, Harry strode over to Ron, who vaulted the barrier to\lang3081  \lang1033 the stands and came to meet him. Madam Hooch had fallen asleep in her seat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here you go,\rdblquote  said Harry, handing Ron the Firebolt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron, an expression of ecstasy on his face, mounted the broom and zoomed off into the gathering darkness while Harry walked around the edge of the field, watching him. Night had fallen before Madam Hooch awoke with a start, told Harry and Ron off for not waking her, and insisted that they go back to the castle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shouldered the Firebolt and he and Ron walked out of the shadowy stadium, discussing the Firebolt\rquote s superbly smooth action, its phenomenal acceleration, and its pinpoint turning. They were halfway toward the castle when Harry, glancing to his left, saw something that made his heart turn over \emdash  a pair of eyes, gleam\-ing out of the darkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stopped dead, his heart banging against his ribs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s the matter?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pointed. Ron pulled out his wand and muttered, \ldblquote\i Lumos\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A beam of light fell across the grass, hit the bottom of a tree, and illuminated its branches; there, crouching among the budding leaves, was Crookshanks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get out of here!\rdblquote  Ron roared, and he stooped down and seized a stone lying on the grass, but before he could do anything else, Crookshanks had vanished with one swish of his long ginger tail.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote See?\rdblquote  Ron said furiously, chucking the stone down again. \ldblquote She\rquote s still letting him wander about wherever he wants \emdash  probably washing down Scabbers with a couple of birds now. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry didn\rquote t say anything. He took a deep breath as relief seeped through him; he had been sure for a moment that those eyes had\lang3081  \lang1033 belonged to the Grim. They set off for the castle once more. Slightly ashamed of his moment of panic, Harry didn\rquote t say any\-thing to Ron \emdash  nor did he look left or right until they had reached the well-lit entrance hall.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry went down to breakfast the next morning with the rest of the boys in his dormitory, all of whom seemed to think the Firebolt deserved a sort of guard of honor. As Harry entered the Great Hall, heads turned in the direction of the Firebolt, and there was a good deal of excited muttering. Harry saw, with enormous satisfaction, that the Slytherin team were all looking thunder\-struck.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you see his face?\rdblquote  said Ron gleefully, looking back at Mal\-foy. \ldblquote He can\rquote t believe it! This is brilliant!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Wood, too, was basking in the reflected glory of the Firebolt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Put it here, Harry,\rdblquote  he said, laying the broom in the middle of the table and carefully turning it so that its name faced upward. People from the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff tables were soon coming over to look. Cedric Diggory came over to congratu\-late Harry on having acquired such a superb replacement for his Nimbus, and Percy\rquote s Ravenclaw girlfriend, Penelope Clearwater, asked if she could actually hold the Firebolt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, now, Penny, no sabotage!\rdblquote  said Percy heartily as she examined the Firebolt closely \ldblquote Penelope and I have got a bet on,\rdblquote  he told the team. \ldblquote Ten Galleons on the outcome of the match!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Penelope put the Firebolt down again, thanked Harry, and went back to her table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry \emdash  make sure you win,\rdblquote  said Percy, in an urgent whisper. \ldblquote\i I\lang3081  \lang1033 haven\rquote t got ten Galleons.\i0  Yes, I\rquote m coming, Penny!\rdblquote  And he bustled off to join her in a piece of toast.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sure you can manage that broom, Potter?\rdblquote  said a cold, drawling voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Draco Malfoy had arrived for a closer look, Crabbe and Goyle right behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, reckon so,\rdblquote  said Harry casually.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Got plenty of special features, hasn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Malfoy, eyes glit\-tering maliciously. \ldblquote Shame it doesn\rquote t come with a parachute \emdash  in case you get too near a dementor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Crabbe and Goyle sniggered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Pity you can\rquote t attach an extra arm to yours, Malfoy,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Then it could catch the Snitch for you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Gryffindor team laughed loudly. Malfoy\rquote s pale eyes nar\-rowed, and he stalked away. They watched him rejoin the rest of the Slytherin team, who put their heads together, no doubt asking Malfoy whether Harry\rquote s broom really was a Firebolt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At a quarter to eleven, the Gryffindor team set off for the locker rooms. The weather couldn\rquote t have been more different from their match against Hufflepuff. It was a clear, cool day with a very light breeze; there would be no visibility problems this time, and Harry, though nervous, was starting to feel the excitement only a Quid\-ditch match could bring. They could hear the rest of the school moving into the stadium beyond. Harry took off his black school robes, removed his wand from his pocket, and stuck it inside the T-shirt he was going to wear under his Quidditch robes. He only hoped he wouldn\rquote t need it. He wondered suddenly whether Profes\-sor Lupin was in the crowd, watching.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know what we\rquote ve got to do,\rdblquote  said Wood as they prepared to leave the locker rooms. \ldblquote If we lose this match, we\rquote re out of the run\-ning. Just \emdash  just fly like you did in practice yesterday, and we\rquote ll be okay!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They walked out onto the field to tumultuous applause. The Ravenclaw team, dressed in blue, were already standing in the mid\-dle of the field. Their Seeker, Cho Chang, was the only girl on their team. She was shorter than Harry by about a head, and Harry couldn\rquote t help noticing, nervous as he was, that she was extremely pretty. She smiled at Harry as the teams faced each other behind their captains, and he felt a slight lurch in the region of his stom\-ach that he didn\rquote t think had anything to do with nerves.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wood, Davies, shake hands,\rdblquote  Madam Hooch said briskly, and Wood shook hands with the Ravenclaw Captain.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mount your brooms \'85 on my whistle \'85 three \emdash  two \emdash\lang3081  \lang1033 one \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry kicked off into the air and the Firebolt zoomed higher and faster than any other broom; he soared around the stadium and began squinting around for the Snitch, listening all the while to the commentary, which was being provided by the Weasley twins\rquote  friend Lee Jordan.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re off, and the big excitement this match is the Firebolt that Harry Potter is flying for Gryffindor. According to \i Which Broomstick,\i0  the Firebolt\rquote s going to be the broom of choice for the national teams at this year\rquote s World Championship \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Jordan, would you mind telling us what\rquote s going on in the match?\rdblquote  interrupted Professor McGonagall\rquote s voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right you are, Professor \emdash  just giving a bit of background\lang3081  \lang1033 information \emdash  the Firebolt, incidentally, has a built-in auto-brake and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Jordan!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay, okay, Gryffindor in possession, Katie Bell of Gryffindor heading for goal\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry streaked past Katie in the opposite direction, gazing around for a glint of gold and noticing that Cho Chang was tailing him closely. She was undoubtedly a very good flier \emdash  she kept cut\-ting across him, forcing him to change direction.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Show her your acceleration, Harry!\rdblquote  Fred yelled as he whooshed past in pursuit of a Bludger that was aiming for Alicia.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry urged the Firebolt forward as they rounded the Raven\-claw goal posts and Cho fell behind. Just as Katie succeeded in scoring the first goal of the match, and the Gryffindor end of the field went wild, he saw it \emdash  the Snitch was close to the ground, flitting near one of the barriers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry dived; Cho saw what he was doing and tore after him \emdash  Harry was speeding up, excitement flooding him; dives were his speciality, he was ten feet away \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then a Bludger, hit by one of the Ravenclaw Beaters, came pelt\-ing out of nowhere; Harry veered off course, avoiding it by an inch, and in those few, crucial seconds, the Snitch had vanished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a great \ldblquote Ooooooh\rdblquote  of disappointment from the Gryffindor supporters, but much applause for their Beater from the Ravenclaw end. George Weasley vented his feelings by hitting the second Bludger directly at the offending Beater, who was forced to roll right over in midair to avoid it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Gryffindor leads by eighty points to zero, and look at that\lang3081  \lang1033 Firebolt go! Potter\rquote s really putting it through its paces now, see it turn \emdash  Chang\rquote s Comet is just no match for it, the Firebolt\rquote s precision-balance is really noticeable in these long \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote JORDAN! ARE YOU BEING PAID TO ADVERTISE FIRE\-BOLTS? GET ON WITH THE COMMENTARY!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ravenclaw was pulling back; they had now scored three goals, which put Gryffindor only fifty points ahead \emdash  if Cho got the Snitch before him, Ravenclaw would win. Harry dropped lower, narrowly avoiding a Ravenclaw Chaser, scanning the field franti\-cally \emdash  a glint of gold, a flutter of tiny wings \emdash  the Snitch was circling the Gryffindor goal post \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry accelerated, eyes fixed on the speck of gold ahead \emdash  but just then, Cho appeared out of thin air, blocking him \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HARRY, THIS IS NO TIME TO BE A GENTLEMAN!\rdblquote  Wood roared as Harry swerved to avoid a collision. \ldblquote KNOCK HER OFF HER BROOM IF YOU HAVE TO!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned and caught sight of Cho; she was grinning. The Snitch had vanished again. Harry turned his Firebolt upward and was soon twenty feet above the game. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Cho following him. \'85 She\rquote d decided to mark him rather than search for the Snitch herself. \'85 All right, then \'85 if she wanted to tail him, she\rquote d have to take the conse\-quences. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He dived again, and Cho, thinking he\rquote d seen the Snitch, tried to follow; Harry pulled out of the dive very sharply; she hurtled downward; he rose fast as a bullet once more, and then saw it, for the third time \emdash  the Snitch was glittering way above the field at the Ravenclaw end.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He accelerated; so, many feet below, did Cho. He was winning, gaining on the Snitch with every second \emdash  then \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh!\rdblquote  screamed Cho, pointing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Distracted, Harry looked down.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Three dementors, three tall, black, hooded dementors, were looking up at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He didn\rquote t stop to think. Plunging a hand down the neck of his robes, he whipped out his wand and roared, \ldblquote\i Expecto patronum\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Something silver-white, something enormous, erupted from the end of his wand. He knew it had shot directly at the dementors but didn\rquote t pause to watch; his mind still miraculously clear, he looked ahead \emdash  he was nearly there. He stretched out the hand still grasp\-ing his wand and just managed to close his fingers over the small, struggling Snitch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Madam Hooch\rquote s whistle sounded. Harry turned around in midair and saw six scarlet blurs bearing down on him; next mo\-ment, the whole team was hugging him so hard he was nearly pulled off his broom. Down below he could hear the roars of the Gryffindors in the crowd.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s my boy!\rdblquote  Wood kept yelling. Alicia, Angelina, and Katie had all kissed Harry; Fred had him in a grip so tight Harry felt as though his head would come off. In complete disarray, the team managed to make its way back to the ground. Harry got off his broom and looked up to see a gaggle of Gryffindor supporters sprinting onto the field, Ron in the lead. Before he knew it, he had been engulfed by the cheering crowd.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes!\rdblquote  Ron yelled, yanking Harry\rquote s arm into the air. \ldblquote Yes! Yes!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well \i done,\i0  Harry!\rdblquote  said Percy, looking delighted. \ldblquote Ten Galleons to me! Must find Penelope, excuse me \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good for you, Harry!\rdblquote  roared Seamus Finnigan.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ruddy brilliant!\rdblquote  boomed Hagrid over the heads of the milling Gryffindors.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was quite some Patronus,\rdblquote  said a voice in Harry\rquote s ear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned around to see Professor Lupin, who looked both shaken and pleased.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The dementors didn\rquote t affect me at all!\rdblquote  Harry said excitedly. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t feel a thing!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That would be because they \emdash  er \emdash  weren\rquote t dementors,\rdblquote  said Professor Lupin. \ldblquote Come and see \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He led Harry out of the crowd until they were able to see the edge of the field.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You gave Mr. Malfoy quite a fright,\rdblquote  said Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared. Lying in a crumpled heap on the ground were Malfoy, Crabbe, Goyle, and Marcus Flint, the Slytherin team Cap\-tain, all struggling to remove themselves from long, black, hooded robes. It looked as though Malfoy had been standing on Goyle\rquote s shoulders. Standing over them, with an expression of the utmost fury on her face, was Professor McGonagall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote An unworthy trick!\rdblquote  she was shouting. \ldblquote A low and cowardly at\-tempt to sabotage the Gryffindor Seeker! Detention for all of you, and fifty points from Slytherin! I shall be speaking to Professor Dumbledore about this, make no mistake! Ah, here he comes now!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 If anything could have set the seal on Gryffindor\rquote s victory, it was this. Ron, who had fought his way through to Harry\rquote s side, doubled up with laughter as they watched Malfoy fighting to extri\-cate himself from the robe, Goyle\rquote s head still stuck inside it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on, Harry!\rdblquote  said George, fighting his way over. \ldblquote Party! Gryffindor common room, now!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Harry, and feeling happier than he had in ages, he and the rest of the team led the way, still in their scarlet robes, out of the stadium and back up to the castle.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 It felt as though they had already won the Quidditch Cup; the party went on all day and well into the night. Fred and George Weasley disappeared for a couple of hours and returned with arm\-fuls of bottles of butterbeer, pumpkin fizz, and several bags full of Honeydukes sweets.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How did you do that?\rdblquote  squealed Angelina Johnson as George started throwing Peppermint Toads into the crowd.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote With a little help from Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs,\rdblquote  Fred muttered in Harry\rquote s ear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Only one person wasn\rquote t joining in the festivities. Hermione, in\-credibly, was sitting in a corner, attempting to read an enormous book entitled \i Home Life and Social Habits of British Muggles.\i0  Harry broke away from the table where Fred and George had started jug\-gling butterbeer bottles and went over to her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you even come to the match?\rdblquote  he asked her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course I did,\rdblquote  said Hermione in a strangely high-pitched voice, not looking up. \ldblquote And I\rquote m very glad we won, and I think you did really well, but I need to read this by Monday.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on, Hermione, come and have some food,\rdblquote  Harry said, looking over at Ron and wondering whether he was in a good enough mood to bury the hatchet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t, Harry. I\rquote ve still got four hundred and twenty-two pages to read!\rdblquote  said Hermione, now sounding slightly hysterical. \ldblquote Any\-way \'85\rdblquote  She glanced over at Ron too. \ldblquote\i He\i0  doesn\rquote t want me to join in.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was no arguing with this, as Ron chose that moment to say loudly, \ldblquote If Scabbers hadn\rquote t just been \i eaten,\i0  he could have had some of those Fudge Flies. He used to really like them \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione burst into tears. Before Harry could say or do any\-thing, she tucked the enormous book under her arm, and, still sob\-bing, ran toward the staircase to the girls\rquote  dormitories and out of sight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can\rquote t you give her a break?\rdblquote  Harry asked Ron quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Ron flatly. \ldblquote If she just acted like she was sorry \emdash  but she\rquote ll never admit she\rquote s wrong, Hermione. She\rquote s still acting like Scabbers has gone on vacation or something.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Gryffindor party ended only when Professor McGonagall turned up in her tartan dressing gown and hair net at one in the morning, to insist that they all go to bed. Harry and Ron climbed the stairs to their dormitory, still discussing the match. At last, ex\-hausted, Harry climbed into bed, twitched the hangings of his four-poster shut to block out a ray of moonlight, lay back, and felt himself almost instantly drifting off to sleep. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had a very strange dream. He was walking through a forest, his Firebolt over his shoulder, following something silvery-white. It was winding its way through the trees ahead, and he could only catch glimpses of it between the leaves. Anxious to catch up with it, he sped up, but as he moved faster, so did his quarry. Harry broke into a run, and ahead he heard hooves gathering speed. Now he was running flat out, and ahead he could hear galloping. Then he turned a corner into a clearing and \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote AAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGHHHHH! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry woke as suddenly as though he\rquote d been hit in the face.\lang3081  \lang1033 Disoriented in the total darkness, he fumbled with his hangings \emdash  he could hear movements around him, and Seamus Finnigan\rquote s voice from the other side of the room: \ldblquote What\rquote s going on?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry thought he heard the dormitory door slam. At last finding the divide in his curtains, he ripped them back, and at the same moment, Dean Thomas lit his lamp.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron was sitting up in bed, the hangings torn from one side, a look of utmost terror on his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Black! Sirius Black! With a knife!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i What\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here! Just now! Slashed the curtains! Woke me up!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You sure you weren\rquote t dreaming, Ron?\rdblquote  said Dean.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look at the curtains! I tell you, he was here!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They all scrambled out of bed; Harry reached the dormitory door first, and they sprinted back down the staircase. Doors opened behind them, and sleepy voices called after them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Who shouted?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote re you doing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The common room was lit with the glow of the dying fire, still littered with the debris from the party. It was deserted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you \i sure\i0  you weren\rquote t dreaming, Ron?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m telling you, I saw him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s all the noise?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor McGonagall told us to go to bed!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A few of the girls had come down their staircase, pulling on dressing gowns and yawning. Boys, too, were reappearing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excellent, are we carrying on?\rdblquote  said Fred Weasley brightly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Everyone   back   upstairs!\rdblquote    said   Percy,   hurrying   into   the\lang3081  \lang1033 common room and pinning his Head Boy badge to his pajamas as he spoke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Perce \emdash  Sirius Black!\rdblquote  said Ron faintly. \ldblquote In our dormitory! With a knife! Woke me up!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The common room went very still.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nonsense!\rdblquote  said Percy, looking startled. \ldblquote You had too much to eat, Ron \emdash  had a nightmare \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m telling you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, really, enough\rquote s enough!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall was back. She slammed the portrait be\-hind her as she entered the common room and stared furiously around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am delighted that Gryffindor won the match, but this is get\-ting ridiculous! Percy, I expected better of you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I certainly didn\rquote t authorize this, Professor!\rdblquote  said Percy, puffing himself up indignantly. \ldblquote I was just telling them all to get back to bed! My brother Ron here had a nightmare \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote IT WASN\rquote T A NIGHTMARE!\rdblquote  Ron yelled. \ldblquote PROFESSOR, I WOKE UP, AND SIRIUS BLACK WAS STANDING OVER ME, HOLDING A KNIFE!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall stared at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t be ridiculous, Weasley, how could he possibly have got\-ten through the portrait hole?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ask him!\rdblquote  said Ron, pointing a shaking finger at the back of Sir Cadogan\rquote s picture. \ldblquote Ask him if he saw \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Glaring suspiciously at Ron, Professor McGonagall pushed the portrait back open and went outside. The whole common room listened with bated breath.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sir Cadogan, did you just let a man enter Gryffindor Tower?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Certainly, good lady!\rdblquote  cried Sir Cadogan.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a stunned silence, both inside and outside the com\-mon room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \emdash  you \i did\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Professor McGonagall. \ldblquote But \emdash  but the password!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He had \rquote em!\rdblquote  said Sir Cadogan proudly. \ldblquote Had the whole week\rquote s, my lady! Read \rquote em off a little piece of paper!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall pulled herself back through the portrait hole to face the stunned crowd. She was white as chalk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Which person,\rdblquote  she said, her voice shaking, \ldblquote which abysmally foolish person wrote down this week\rquote s passwords and left them lying around?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was utter silence, broken by the smallest of terrified squeaks. Neville Longbottom, trembling from head to fluffy-slippered toes, raised his hand slowly into the air.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 14\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Snape\rquote s Grudge\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
No one in Gryffindor Tower slept that night. They knew that the castle was being searched again, and the whole House stayed awake in the common room, waiting to hear whether Black had been caught. Professor McGonagall came back at dawn, to tell them that he had again escaped.\par
Throughout the day, everywhere they went they saw signs of tighter security; Professor Flitwick could be seen teaching the front doors to recognize a large picture of Sirius Black; Filch was sud\-denly bustling up and down the corridors, boarding up everything from tiny cracks in the walls to mouse holes. Sir Cadogan had been fired. His portrait had been taken back to its lonely landing on the seventh floor, and the Fat Lady was back. She had been expertly restored, but was still extremely nervous, and had agreed to return to her job only on condition that she was given extra protection. A bunch of surly security trolls had been hired to guard her. They\lang3081  \lang1033 paced the corridor in a menacing group, talking in grunts and comparing the size of their clubs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry couldn\rquote t help noticing that the statue of the one-eyed witch on the third floor remained unguarded and unblocked. It seemed that Fred and George had been right in thinking that they \emdash  and now Harry, Ron, and Hermione \emdash  were the only ones who knew about the hidden passageway within it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote D\rquote you reckon we should tell someone?\rdblquote  Harry asked Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We know he\rquote s not coming in through Honeyduke\rquote s,\rdblquote  said Ron dismissively \ldblquote We\rquote d\rquote ve heard if the shop had been broken into.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was glad Ron took this view. If the one-eyed witch was boarded up too, he would never be able to go into Hogsmeade again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron had become an instant celebrity. For the first time in his life, people were paying more attention to him than to Harry, and it was clear that Ron was rather enjoying the experience. Though still severely shaken by the night\rquote s events, he was happy to tell any\-one who asked what had happened, with a wealth of detail.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 I was asleep, and I heard this ripping noise, and I thought it was in my dream, you know? But then there was this draft\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I woke up and one side of the hangings on my bed had been pulled down. \'85 I rolled over \'85 and I saw him standing over me \'85 like a skeleton, with loads of filthy hair \'85 holding this great long knife, must\rquote ve been twelve inches \'85 and he looked at me, and I looked at him, and then I yelled, and he \i scampered.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why, though?\rdblquote  Ron added to Harry as the group of second-year girls who had been listening to his chilling tale departed. \ldblquote Why did he run?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had been wondering the same thing. Why had Black, having got the wrong bed, not silenced Ron and proceeded to Harry? Black had proved twelve years ago that he didn\rquote t mind mur\-dering innocent people, and this time he had been facing five un\-armed boys, four of whom were asleep.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He must\rquote ve known he\rquote d have a job getting back out of the castle once you\rquote d yelled and woken people up,\rdblquote  said Harry thoughtfully. \ldblquote He\rquote d\rquote ve had to kill the whole House to get back through the por\-trait hole \'85 then he would\rquote ve met the teachers. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville was in total disgrace. Professor McGonagall was so furi\-ous with him she had banned him from all future Hogsmeade vis\-its, given him a detention, and forbidden anyone to give him the password into the tower. Poor Neville was forced to wait outside the common room every night for somebody to let him in, while the security trolls leered unpleasantly at him. None of these pun\-ishments, however, came close to matching the one his grand\-mother had in store for him. Two days after Black\rquote s break-in, she sent Neville the very worst thing a Hogwarts student could receive over breakfast \emdash  a Howler.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The school owls swooped into the Great Hall carrying the mail as usual, and Neville choked as a huge barn owl landed in front of him, a scarlet envelope clutched in its beak. Harry and Ron, who were sitting opposite him, recognized the letter as a Howler at once \emdash  Ron had got one from his mother the year before.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Run for it, Neville,\rdblquote  Ron advised.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Neville didn\rquote t need telling twice. He seized the envelope, and holding it before him like a bomb, sprinted out of the hall, while the Slytherin table exploded with laughter at the sight of him. They\lang3081  \lang1033 heard the Howler go off in the entrance hall \emdash  Neville\rquote s grand\-mother\rquote s voice, magically magnified to a hundred times its usual volume, shrieking about how he had brought shame on the whole family.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was too busy feeling sorry for Neville to notice immedi\-ately that he had a letter too. Hedwig got his attention by nipping him sharply on the wrist.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ouch! Oh \emdash  thanks, Hedwig.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry tore open the envelope while Hedwig helped herself to some of Neville\rquote s cornflakes. The note inside said:\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i Dear\lang3081  Harry and\lang1033  Ron,\lang3081\par
\lang1033 How about having tea with me this afternoon\lang3081  \rquote round\lang1033  six?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 I\rquote ll come and collect\lang3081  \lang1033 you from the castle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 WAIT FOR ME IN THE ENTRANCE HALL;\lang3081\par
\lang1033 YOU\rquote RE NOT ALLOWED OUT ON YOUR OWN.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Cheers,\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid\lang3081\par
\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He probably wants to hear all about Black!\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 So at six o\rquote clock that afternoon, Harry and Ron left Gryffindor Tower, passed the security trolls at a run, and headed down to the entrance hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid was already waiting for them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right, Hagrid!\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote S\rquote pose you want to hear about Saturday night, do you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve already heard all abou\rquote  it,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, opening the front doors and leading them outside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking slightly put out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The first thing they saw on entering Hagrid\rquote s cabin was Buck\-beak, who was stretched out on top of Hagrid\rquote s patchwork quilt, his enormous wings folded tight to his body, enjoying a large plate of dead ferrets. Averting his eyes from this unpleasant sight, Harry saw a gigantic, hairy brown suit and a very horrible yellow-and-orange tie hanging from the top of Hagrid\rquote s wardrobe door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are they for, Hagrid?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Buckbeak\rquote s case against the Committee fer the Disposal o\rquote  Dan\-gerous Creatures,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote This Friday. Him an\rquote  me\rquote ll be goin\rquote  down ter London together. I\rquote ve booked two beds on the Knight Bus. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt a nasty pang of guilt. He had completely forgotten that Buckbeak\rquote s trial was so near, and judging by the uneasy look on Ron\rquote s face, he had too. They had also forgotten their promise about helping him prepare Buckbeak\rquote s defense; the arrival of the Firebolt had driven it clean out of their minds.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid poured them tea and offered them a plate of Bath buns, but they knew better than to accept; they had had too much expe\-rience with Hagrid\rquote s cooking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I got somethin\rquote  ter discuss with you two,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, sitting himself between them and looking uncharacteristically serious.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione,\rdblquote  said Hagrid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What about her?\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s in a righ\rquote  state, that\rquote s what. She\rquote s bin comin\rquote  down ter visit me a lot since Chris\rquote mas. Bin feelin\rquote  lonely. Firs\rquote  yeh weren\rquote  talking\lang3081  \lang1033 to her because o\rquote  the Firebolt, now yer not talkin\rquote  to her because her cat \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  ate Scabbers!\rdblquote  Ron interjected angrily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because her cat acted like all cats do,\rdblquote  Hagrid continued doggedly. \ldblquote She\rquote s cried a fair few times, yeh know. Goin\rquote  through a rough time at the moment. Bitten off more\rquote n she can chew, if yeh ask me, all the work she\rquote s tryin\rquote  ter do. Still found time ter help me with Buckbeak\rquote s case, mind. \'85 She\rquote s found some really good stuff fer me \'85 reckon he\rquote ll stand a good chance now. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid, we should\rquote ve helped as well \emdash  sorry \emdash\rdblquote  Harry began awkwardly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not blamin\rquote  yeh!\rdblquote  said Hagrid, waving Harry\rquote s apology aside. \ldblquote Gawd knows yeh\rquote ve had enough ter be gettin\rquote  on with. I\rquote ve seen yeh practicin\rquote  Quidditch ev\rquote ry hour o\rquote  the day an\rquote  night \emdash  but I gotta tell yeh, I thought you two\rquote d value yer friend more\rquote n broom\-sticks or rats. Tha\rquote s all.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron exchanged uncomfortable looks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Really upset, she was, when Black nearly stabbed yeh, Ron. She\rquote s got her heart in the right place, Hermione has, an\rquote  you two not talkin\rquote  to her \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If she\rquote d just get rid of that cat, I\rquote d speak to her again!\rdblquote  Ron said angrily. \ldblquote But she\rquote s still sticking up for it! It\rquote s a maniac, and she won\rquote t hear a word against it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, well, people can be a bit stupid abou\rquote  their pets,\rdblquote  said Ha\-grid wisely. Behind him, Buckbeak spat a few ferret bones onto Hagrid\rquote s pillow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They spent  the  rest  of their  visit  discussing  Gryffindor\rquote s\lang3081  \lang1033 improved chances for the Quidditch Cup. At nine o\rquote clock, Hagrid walked them back up to the castle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A large group of people was bunched around the bulletin board when they returned to the common room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hogsmeade, next weekend!\rdblquote  said Ron, craning over the heads to read the new notice. \ldblquote What d\rquote you reckon?\rdblquote  he added quietly to Harry as they went to sit down.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, Filch hasn\rquote t done anything about the passage into Hon\-eydukes. \'85\rdblquote  Harry said, even more quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  said a voice in his right ear. Harry started and looked around at Hermione, who was sitting at the table right behind them and clearing a space in the wall of books that had been hid\-ing her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, if you go into Hogsmeade again \'85 I\rquote ll tell Professor McGonagall about that map!\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can you hear someone talking, Harry?\rdblquote  growled Ron, not looking at Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, how can you let him go with you? After what Sirius Black nearly did to \i you\i0 ! I mean it, I\rquote ll tell \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So now you\rquote re trying to get Harry expelled!\rdblquote  said Ron furiously. \ldblquote Haven\rquote t you done enough damage this year?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione opened her mouth to respond, but with a soft hiss, Crookshanks leapt onto her lap. Hermione took one frightened look at the expression on Ron\rquote s face, gathered up Crookshanks, and hurried away toward the girls\rquote  dormitories.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So how about it?\rdblquote  Ron said to Harry as though there had been no interruption. \ldblquote Come on, last time we went you didn\rquote t see any\-thing. You haven\rquote t even been inside Zonko\rquote s yet!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked around to check that Hermione was well out of earshot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote But I\rquote m taking the Invisibility Cloak this time.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 On Saturday morning, Harry packed his Invisibility Cloak in his bag, slipped the Marauder\rquote s Map into his pocket, and went down to breakfast with everyone else. Hermione kept shooting suspicious looks down the table at him, but he avoided her eye and was care\-ful to let her see him walking back up the marble staircase in the entrance hall as everybody else proceeded to the front doors.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \rquote Bye!\rdblquote  Harry called to Ron. \ldblquote See you when you get back!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron grinned and winked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hurried up to the third floor, slipping the Marauder\rquote s Map out of his pocket as he went. Crouching behind the one-eyed witch, he smoothed it out. A tiny dot was moving in his direction. Harry squinted at it. The minuscule writing next to it read \i Neville Longbottom.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 Harry quickly pulled out his wand, muttered, \ldblquote\i Dissendium\i0 !\rdblquote  and shoved his bag into the statue, but before he could climb in himself, Neville came around the corner.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry! I forgot you weren\rquote t going to Hogsmeade either!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hi, Neville,\rdblquote  said Harry, moving swiftly away from the statue and pushing the map back into his pocket. \ldblquote What are you up to?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nothing,\rdblquote  shrugged Neville. \ldblquote Want a game of Exploding Snap?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  not now \emdash  I was going to go to the library and do that vampire essay for Lupin \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll come with you!\rdblquote  said Neville brightly. \ldblquote I haven\rquote t done it either!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  hang on \emdash  yeah, I forgot, I finished it last night!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Great, you can help me!\rdblquote  said Neville, his round face anxious. \ldblquote I don\rquote t understand that thing about the garlic at all \emdash  do they have to eat it, or \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He broke off with a small gasp, looking over Harry\rquote s shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was Snape. Neville took a quick step behind Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And what are you two doing here?\rdblquote  said Snape, coming to a halt and looking from one to the other. \ldblquote An odd place to meet \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 To Harry\rquote s immense disquiet, Snape\rquote s black eyes flicked to the doorways on either side of them, and then to the one-eyed witch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re not \emdash  meeting here,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote We just \emdash  met here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Indeed?\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote You have a habit of turning up in unex\-pected places, Potter, and you are very rarely there for no good rea\-son. \'85 I suggest the pair of you return to Gryffindor Tower, where you belong.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Neville set off without another word. As they turned the corner, Harry looked back. Snape was running one of his hands over the one-eyed witch\rquote s head, examining it closely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry managed to shake Neville off at the Fat Lady by tell\-ing him the password, then pretending he\rquote d left his vampire essay in the library and doubling back. Once out of sight of the secu\-rity trolls, he pulled out the map again and held it close to his nose.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The third floor corridor seemed to be deserted. Harry scanned the map carefully and saw, with a leap of relief, that the tiny dot labeled \i Severus Snape\i0  was now back in its office.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He sprinted back to the one-eyed witch, opened her hump,\lang3081  \lang1033 heaved himself inside, and slid down to meet his bag at the bottom of the stone chute. He wiped the Marauder\rquote s Map blank again, then set off at a run.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry, completely hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak, emerged into the sunlight outside Honeydukes and prodded Ron in the back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s me,\rdblquote  he muttered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What kept you?\rdblquote  Ron hissed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snape was hanging around. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They set off up the High Street.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where are you?\rdblquote  Ron kept muttering out of the corner of his mouth. \ldblquote Are you still there? This feels weird. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They went to the post office; Ron pretended to be checking the price of an owl to Bill in Egypt so that Harry could have a good look around. The owls sat hooting softly down at him, at least three hundred of them; from Great Grays right down to tiny little Scops owls (\lang3081\ldblquote\lang1033 Local Deliveries Only\lang3081\rdblquote\lang1033 ), which were so small they could have sat in the palm of Harry\rquote s hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then they visited Zonko\rquote s, which was so packed with students Harry had to exercise great care not to tread on anyone and cause a panic. There were jokes and tricks to fulfill even Fred\rquote s and George\rquote s wildest dreams; Harry gave Ron whispered orders and passed him some gold from under the cloak. They left Zonko\rquote s with their money bags considerably lighter than they had been on entering, but their pockets bulging with Dungbombs, Hiccup Sweets, Frog Spawn Soap, and a Nose-Biting Teacup apiece.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The day was fine and breezy, and neither of them felt like stay\-ing indoors, so they walked past the Three Broomsticks and\lang3081  \lang1033 climbed a slope to visit the Shrieking Shack, the most haunted dwelling in Britain. It stood a little way above the rest of the village, and even in daylight was slightly creepy, with its boarded windows and dank overgrown garden.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Even the Hogwarts ghosts avoid it,\rdblquote  said Ron as they leaned on the fence, looking up at it. \ldblquote I asked Nearly Headless Nick \'85 he says he\rquote s heard a very rough crowd lives here. No one can get in. Fred and George tried, obviously, but all the entrances are sealed shut. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, feeling hot from their climb, was just considering taking off the cloak for a few minutes when they heard voices nearby. Someone was climbing toward the house from the other side of the hill; moments later, Malfoy had appeared, followed closely by Crabbe and Goyle. Malfoy was speaking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 should have an owl from Father any time now. He had to go to the hearing to tell them about my arm \'85 about how I couldn\rquote t use it for three months. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Crabbe and Goyle sniggered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I really wish I could hear that great hairy moron trying to de\-fend himself\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 \lang3081\lquote\lang1033 There\lang3081\rquote\lang1033 s no \lang3081\rquote\lang1033 arm in \lang3081\rquote\lang1033 im, \lang3081\rquote\lang1033 onest \emdash\lang3081\rquote\lang1033  \'85 that hip\-pogriff\lang3081\rquote\lang1033 s as good as dead \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy suddenly caught sight of Ron. His pale face split in a malevolent grin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you doing, Weasley?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy looked up at the crumbling house behind Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Suppose you\rquote d love to live here, wouldn\rquote t you, Weasley? Dream\-ing about having your own bedroom? I heard your family all sleep in one room \emdash  is that true?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry seized the back of Ron\rquote s robes to stop him from leaping on Malfoy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Leave him to me,\rdblquote  he hissed in Ron\rquote s ear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The opportunity was too perfect to miss. Harry crept silently around behind Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, bent down, and scooped a large handful of mud out of the path.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We were just discussing your friend Hagrid,\rdblquote  Malfoy said to Ron. \ldblquote Just trying to imagine what he\rquote s saying to the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures. D\rquote you think he\rquote ll cry when they cut off his hippogriff\rquote s \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 SPLAT.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy\rquote s head jerked forward as the mud hit him; his silver-blond hair was suddenly dripping in muck.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What the \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron had to hold onto the fence to keep himself standing, he was laughing so hard. Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle spun stupidly on the spot, staring wildly around, Malfoy trying to wipe his hair clean.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What was that? Who did that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very haunted up here, isn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Ron, with the air of one commenting on the weather.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Crabbe and Goyle were looking scared. Their bulging muscles were no use against ghosts. Malfoy was staring madly around at the deserted landscape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sneaked along the path, where a particularly sloppy puddle yielded some foul-smelling, green sludge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 SPLATTER.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Crabbe and Goyle caught some this time. Goyle hopped furi\-ously on the spot, trying to rub it out of his small, dull eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It came from over there!\rdblquote  said Malfoy, wiping his face, and star\-ing at a spot some six feet to the left of Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Crabbe blundered forward, his long arms outstretched like a zombie. Harry dodged around him, picked up a stick, and lobbed it at Crabbe\rquote s back. Harry doubled up with silent laughter as Crabbe did a kind of pirouette in midair, trying to see who had thrown it. As Ron was the only person Crabbe could see, it was Ron he started toward, but Harry stuck out his leg. Crabbe stum\-bled \emdash  and his huge, flat foot caught the hem of Harry\rquote s cloak. Harry felt a great tug, then the cloak slid off his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For a split second, Malfoy stared at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote AAARGH!\rdblquote  he yelled, pointing at Harry\rquote s head. Then he turned tail and ran, at breakneck speed, back down the hill, Crabbe and Goyle behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry tugged the cloak up again, but the damage was done.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  Ron said, stumbling forward and staring hopelessly at the point where Harry had disappeared, \ldblquote you\rquote d better run for it! If Malfoy tells anyone \emdash  you\rquote d better get back to the castle, quick \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote See you later,\rdblquote  said Harry, and without another word, he tore back down the path toward Hogsmeade.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Would Malfoy believe what he had seen? Would anyone believe Malfoy? Nobody knew about the Invisibility Cloak \emdash  nobody ex\-cept Dumbledore. Harry\rquote s stomach turned over \emdash  Dumbledore would know exactly what had happened, if Malfoy said any\-thing \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Back into Honeydukes, back down the cellar steps, across the stone floor, through the trapdoor \emdash  Harry pulled off the cloak, tucked it under his arm, and ran, flat out, along the passage. \'85 Malfoy would get back first\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 how long would it take him to find a teacher? Panting, a sharp pain in his side, Harry didn\rquote t slow down\lang3081  \lang1033 until he reached the stone slide. He would have to leave the cloak where it was, it was too much of a giveaway in case Malfoy had tipped off a teacher \emdash  he hid it in a shadowy corner, then started to climb, fast as he could, his sweaty hands slipping on the sides of the chute. He reached the inside of the witch\rquote s hump, tapped it with his wand, stuck his head through, and hoisted himself out; the hump closed, and just as Harry jumped out from behind the statue, he heard quick footsteps approaching.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was Snape. He approached Harry at a swift walk, his black robes swishing, then stopped in front of him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a look of suppressed triumph about him. Harry tried to look innocent, all too aware of his sweaty face and his muddy hands, which he quickly hid in his pockets.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come with me, Potter,\rdblquote  said Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry followed him downstairs, trying to wipe his hands clean on the inside of his robes without Snape noticing. They walked down the stairs to the dungeons and then into Snape\rquote s office.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had been in here only once before, and he had been in very serious trouble then too. Snape had acquired a few more slimy horrible things in jars since last time, all standing on shelves behind his desk, glinting in the firelight and adding to the threatening atmosphere.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sit,\rdblquote  said Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sat. Snape, however, remained standing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Malfoy has just been to see me with a strange story, Potter,\rdblquote  said Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry didn\rquote t say anything.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He tells me that he was up by the Shrieking Shack when he ran into Weasley \emdash  apparently alone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Still, Harry didn\rquote t speak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Malfoy states that he was standing talking to Weasley, when a large amount of mud hit him in the back of the head. How do you think that could have happened?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry tried to look mildly surprised.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know, Professor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape\rquote s eyes were boring into Harry\rquote s. It was exactly like trying to stare down a hippogriff. Harry tried hard not to blink.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Malfoy then saw an extraordinary apparition. Can you imagine what it might have been, Potter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry, now trying to sound innocently curious.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was your head, Potter. Floating in midair.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a long silence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe he\rquote d better go to Madam Pomfrey,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote If he\rquote s seeing things like \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What would your head have been doing in Hogsmeade, Pot\-ter?\rdblquote  said Snape softly. \ldblquote Your head is not allowed in Hogsmeade. No part of your body has permission to be in Hogsmeade.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know that,\rdblquote  said Harry, striving to keep his face free of guilt or fear. \ldblquote It sounds like Malfoy\rquote s having hallucin \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Malfoy is not having hallucinations,\rdblquote  snarled Snape, and he bent down, a hand on each arm of Harry\rquote s chair, so that their faces were a foot apart. \ldblquote If your head was in Hogsmeade, so was the rest of you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve been up in Gryffindor Tower,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Like you told \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Can anyone confirm that?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry didn\rquote t say anything. Snape\rquote s thin mouth curled into a hor\-rible smile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So,\rdblquote  he said, straightening up again. \ldblquote Everyone from the Min\-ister of Magic downward has been trying to keep famous Harry Potter safe from Sirius Black. But famous Harry Potter is a law unto himself. Let the ordinary people worry about his safety! Fa\-mous Harry Potter goes where he wants to, with no thought for the consequences.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stayed silent. Snape was trying to provoke him into telling the truth. He wasn\rquote t going to do it. Snape had no proof\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  yet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How extraordinarily like your father you are, Potter,\rdblquote  Snape said suddenly, his eyes glinting. \ldblquote He too was exceedingly arrogant. A small amount of talent on the Quidditch field made him think he was a cut above the rest of us too. Strutting around the place with his friends and admirers \'85 The resemblance between you is uncanny.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My dad didn\rquote t \i strut,\i0\rdblquote  said Harry, before he could stop himself. \ldblquote And neither do I.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your father didn\rquote t set much store by rules either,\rdblquote  Snape went on, pressing his advantage, his thin face full of malice. \ldblquote Rules were for lesser mortals, not Quidditch Cup-winners. His head was so swollen \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote SHUT UP!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was suddenly on his feet. Rage such as he had not felt since his last night in Privet Drive was coursing through him. He didn\rquote t care that Snape\rquote s face had gone rigid, the black eyes flashing dangerously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i What did you say to me, Potter\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I told you to shut up about my dad!\rdblquote  Harry yelled. \ldblquote I know the truth, all right? He saved your life! Dumbledore told me! You wouldn\rquote t even be here if it wasn\rquote t for my dad!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape\rquote s sallow skin had gone the color of sour milk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And did the headmaster tell you the circumstances in which your father saved my life?\rdblquote  he whispered. \ldblquote Or did he consider the details too unpleasant for precious Potter\rquote s delicate ears?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry bit his lip. He didn\rquote t know what had happened and didn\rquote t want to admit it \emdash  but Snape seemed to have guessed the truth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I would hate for you to run away with a false idea of your fa\-ther, Potter,\rdblquote  he said, a terrible grin twisting his face. \ldblquote Have you been imagining some act of glorious heroism? Then let me correct you \emdash  your saintly father and his friends played a highly amusing joke on me that would have resulted in my death if your father hadn\rquote t got cold feet at the last moment. There was nothing brave about what he did. He was saving his own skin as much as mine. Had their joke succeeded, he would have been expelled from Hog\-warts.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape\rquote s uneven, yellowish teeth were bared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Turn out your pockets, Potter!\rdblquote  he spat suddenly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry didn\rquote t move. There was a pounding in his ears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Turn out your pockets, or we go straight to the headmaster! Pull them out, Potter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Cold with dread, Harry slowly pulled out the bag of Zonko\rquote s tricks and the Marauder\rquote s Map.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snap picked up the Zonko\rquote s bag.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron gave them to me,\rdblquote  said Harry, praying he\rquote d get a chance to\lang3081  \lang1033 tip Ron off before Snape saw him. \ldblquote He \emdash  brought them back from Hogsmeade last time \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Indeed? And you\rquote ve been carrying them around ever since? How very touching \'85 and what is this?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape had picked up the map. Harry tried with all his might to keep his face impassive.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Spare bit of parchment,\rdblquote  he said with a shrug.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape turned it over, his eyes on Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Surely you don\rquote t need such a very \i old\i0  piece of parchment?\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Why don\rquote t I just \emdash  throw this away?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His hand moved toward the fire.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  Harry said quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So!\rdblquote  said Snape, his long nostrils quivering. \ldblquote Is this another treasured gift from Mr. Weasley? Or is it \emdash  something else? A let\-ter, perhaps, written in invisible ink? Or \emdash  instructions to get into Hogsmeade without passing the dementors?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry blinked. Snape\rquote s eyes gleamed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let me see, let me see \'85 ,\rdblquote  he muttered, taking out his wand and smoothing the map out on his desk. \ldblquote Reveal your secret!\rdblquote  he said, touching the wand to the parchment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Nothing happened. Harry clenched his hands to stop them from shaking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Show yourself!\rdblquote  Snape said, tapping the map sharply.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It stayed blank. Harry was taking deep, calming breaths.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Severus Snape, master of this school, commands you to yield the information you conceal!\rdblquote  Snape said, hitting the map with his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As though an invisible hand were writing upon it, words ap\-peared on the smooth surface of the map.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Moony presents his compliments to Professor Snape, and begs him to keep his abnormally large nose out of other people\rquote s business.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape froze. Harry stared, dumbstruck, at the message. But the map didn\rquote t stop there. More writing was appearing beneath the first.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Prongs agrees with Mr. Moony, and would like to add that Professor Snape is an ugly git.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It would have been very funny if the situation hadn\rquote t been so se\-rious. And there was more. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Padfoot would like to register his astonishment that an idiot like that ever became a professor.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry closed his eyes in horror. When he\rquote d opened them, the map had had its last word.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mr. Wormtail bids, Professor Snape good day, and advises him to wash his hair, the slimeball.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry waited for the blow to fall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So \'85 ,\rdblquote  said Snape softly. \ldblquote We\rquote ll see about this. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He strode across to his fire, seized a fistful of glittering powder from a jar on the fireplace, and threw it into the flames.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lupin!\rdblquote  Snape called into the fire. \ldblquote I want a word!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Utterly bewildered, Harry stared at the fire. A large shape had appeared in it, revolving very fast. Seconds later, Professor Lupin was clambering out of the fireplace, brushing ash off his shabby robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You called, Severus?\rdblquote  said Lupin mildly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I certainly did,\rdblquote  said Snape, his face contorted with fury as he strode back to his desk. \ldblquote I have just asked Potter to empty his pock\-ets. He was carrying this.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape pointed at the parchment, on which the words of Messrs.\lang3081  \lang1033 Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs were still shining. An odd, closed expression appeared on Lupin\rquote s face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well?\rdblquote  said Snape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin continued to stare at the map. Harry had the impression that Lupin was doing some very quick thinking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Well\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Snape again. \ldblquote This parchment is plainly full of Dark Magic. This is supposed to be your area of expertise, Lupin. Where do you imagine Potter got such a thing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin looked up and, by the merest half-glance in Harry\rquote s direc\-tion, warned him not to interrupt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Full of Dark Magic?\rdblquote  he repeated mildly. \ldblquote Do you really think so, Severus? It looks to me as though it is merely a piece of parch\-ment that insults anybody who reads it. Childish, but surely not dangerous? I imagine Harry got it from a joke shop \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Indeed?\rdblquote  said Snape. His jaw had gone rigid with anger. \ldblquote You think a joke shop could supply him with such a thing? You don\rquote t think it more likely that he got it \i directly from the manufac\-turers\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry didn\rquote t understand what Snape was talking about. Nor, ap\-parently, did Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You mean, by Mr. Wormtail or one of these people?\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Harry, do you know any of these men?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You see, Severus?\rdblquote  said Lupin, turning back to Snape. \ldblquote It looks like a Zonko product to me \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Right on cue, Ron came bursting into the office. He was com\-pletely out of breath, and stopped just short of Snape\rquote s desk, clutching the stitch in his chest and trying to speak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  gave \emdash  Harry \emdash  that \emdash  stuff,\rdblquote  he choked. \ldblquote Bought \emdash  it\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 in Zonko\rquote s \'85 ages \emdash  ago \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well!\rdblquote  said Lupin, clapping his hands together and looking around cheerfully. \ldblquote That seems to clear that up! Severus, I\rquote ll take this back, shall I?\rdblquote  He folded the map and tucked it inside his robes. \ldblquote Harry, Ron, come with me, I need a word about my vam\-pire essay \emdash  excuse us, Severus \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry didn\rquote t dare look at Snape as they left his office. He, Ron, and Lupin walked all the way back into the entrance hall before speaking. Then Harry turned to Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor, I \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t want to hear explanations,\rdblquote  said Lupin shortly. He glanced around the empty entrance hall and lowered his voice. \ldblquote I happen to know that this map was confiscated by Mr. Filch many years ago. Yes, I know it\rquote s a map,\rdblquote  he said as Harry and Ron looked amazed. \ldblquote I don\rquote t want to know how it fell into your possession. I am, however, \i astounded\i0  that you didn\rquote t hand it in. Particularly after what happened the last time a student left information about the castle lying around. And I can\rquote t let you have it back, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had expected that, and was too keen for explanations to protest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why did Snape think I\rquote d got it from the manufacturers?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because \'85 ,\rdblquote  Lupin hesitated, \ldblquote because these mapmakers would have wanted to lure you out of school. They\rquote d think it ex\-tremely entertaining.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you \i know\i0  them?\rdblquote  said Harry, impressed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve met,\rdblquote  he said shortly. He was looking at Harry more seriously than ever before.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t expect me to cover up for you again, Harry. I cannot make you take Sirius Black seriously. But I would have thought that what you have heard when the dementors draw near you would have had more of an effect on you. Your parents gave their lives to keep you alive, Harry. A poor way to repay them \emdash  gam\-bling their sacrifice for a bag of magic tricks.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He walked away, leaving Harry feeling worse by far than he had at any point in Snape\rquote s office. Slowly, he and Ron mounted the marble staircase. As Harry passed the one-eyed witch, he remem\-bered the Invisibility Cloak \emdash  it was still down there, but he didn\rquote t dare go and get it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s my fault,\rdblquote  said Ron abruptly. \ldblquote I persuaded you to go. Lupin\rquote s right, it was stupid, we shouldn\rquote t\rquote ve done it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He broke off; they reached the corridor where the security trolls were pacing, and Hermione was walking toward them. One look at her face convinced Harry that she had heard what had happened. His heart plummeted \emdash  had she told Professor McGonagall?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come to have a good gloat?\rdblquote  said Ron savagely as she stopped in front of them. \ldblquote Or have you just been to tell on us?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Hermione. She was holding a letter in her hands and her lip was trembling. \ldblquote I just thought you ought to know \'85 Hagrid lost his case. Buckbeak is going to be executed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 15\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Quidditch Final\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
\ldblquote He \emdash  he sent me this,\rdblquote  Hermione said, holding out the letter. \par
Harry took it. The parchment was damp, and enormous tear\-drops had smudged the ink so badly in places that it was very diffi\-cult to read.\par
\par
\i Dear\lang3081  Hermione\lang1033 ,\lang3081\par
\lang1033 We lost. I\rquote m allowed to bring him back to Hogwarts.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Execution date to be fixed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Beaky has enjoyed London.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 I won\rquote t forget all the help you gave us.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid\lang3081\par
\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They can\rquote t do this,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote They can\rquote t. Buckbeak isn\rquote t dangerous.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Malfoy\rquote s dad\rquote s frightened the Committee into it,\rdblquote  said Her\-mione, wiping her eyes. \ldblquote You know what he\rquote s like. They\rquote re a bunch of doddery old fools, and they were scared. There\rquote ll be an appeal, though, there always is. Only I can\rquote t see any hope. \'85 Nothing will have changed.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, it will,\rdblquote  said Ron fiercely. \ldblquote You won\rquote t have to do all the work alone this time, Hermione. I\rquote ll help.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, Ron!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione flung her arms around Ron\rquote s neck and broke down completely. Ron, looking quite terrified, patted her very awkwardly on the top of the head. Finally, Hermione drew away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, I\rquote m really, really sorry about Scabbers \'85 ,\rdblquote  she sobbed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh \emdash  well \emdash  he was old,\rdblquote  said Ron, looking thoroughly re\-lieved that she had let go of him. \ldblquote And he was a bit useless. You never know, Mum and Dad might get me an owl now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 The safety measures imposed on the students since Black\rquote s second break-in made it impossible for Harry, Ron, and Hermione to go and visit Hagrid in the evenings. Their only chance of talking to him was during Care of Magical Creatures lessons.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He seemed numb with shock at the verdict.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote S\rquote all my fault. Got all tongue-tied. They was all sittin\rquote  there in black robes an\rquote  I kep\rquote  droppin\rquote  me notes and forgettin\rquote  all them dates yeh looked up fer me, Hermione. An\rquote  then Lucius Malfoy stood up an\rquote  said his bit, and the Committee jus\rquote  did exac\rquote ly what he told \rquote em. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s still the appeal!\rdblquote  said Ron fiercely. \ldblquote Don\rquote t give up yet, we\rquote re working on it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They were walking back up to the castle with the rest of the class. Ahead they could see Malfoy, who was walking with Crabbe and Goyle, and kept looking back, laughing derisively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote S\rquote no good, Ron,\rdblquote  said Hagrid sadly as they reached the castle steps. \ldblquote That Committee\rquote s in Lucius Malfoy\rquote s pocket. I\rquote m jus\rquote  gonna make sure the rest o\rquote  Beaky\rquote s time is the happiest he\rquote s ever had. I owe him that. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid turned around and hurried back toward his cabin, his face buried in his handkerchief.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look at him blubber!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle had been standing just inside the castle doors, listening.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Have you ever seen anything quite as pathetic?\rdblquote  said Malfoy. \ldblquote And he\rquote s supposed to be our teacher!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron both made furious moves toward Malfoy, but Hermione got there first \emdash  SMACK!\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She had slapped Malfoy across the face with all the strength she could muster. Malfoy staggered. Harry, Ron, Crabbe, and Goyle stood flabbergasted as Hermione raised her hand again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t you \i dare\i0  call Hagrid pathetic, you foul \emdash  you evil \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione!\rdblquote  said Ron weakly, and he tried to grab her hand as she swung it back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get \i off,\i0  Ron!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione pulled out her wand. Malfoy stepped backward. Crabbe and Goyle looked at him for instructions, thoroughly be\-wildered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote C\rquote mon,\rdblquote  Malfoy muttered, and in a moment, all three of them had disappeared into the passageway to the dungeons.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Hermione\i0 !\rdblquote  Ron said again, sounding both stunned and im\-pressed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, you\rquote d better beat him in the Quidditch final!\rdblquote  Hermione said shrilly. \ldblquote You just better had, because I can\rquote t stand it if Slytherin wins!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re due in Charms,\rdblquote  said Ron, still goggling at Hermione. \ldblquote We\rquote d better go.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They hurried up the marble staircase toward Professor Flitwick\rquote s classroom.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re late, boys!\rdblquote  said Professor Flitwick reprovingly as Harry opened the classroom door. \ldblquote Come along, quickly, wands out, we\rquote re experimenting with Cheering Charms today, we\rquote ve already divided into pairs \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron hurried to a desk at the back and opened their bags. Ron looked behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote s Hermione gone?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked around too. Hermione hadn\rquote t entered the class\-room, yet Harry knew she had been right next to him when he had opened the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s weird,\rdblquote  said Harry, staring at Ron. \ldblquote Maybe \emdash  maybe she went to the bathroom or something?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Hermione didn\rquote t turn up all lesson.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She could\rquote ve done with a Cheering Charm on her too,\rdblquote  said Ron as the class left for lunch, all grinning broadly \emdash  the Cheer\-ing Charms had left them with a feeling of great contentment.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione wasn\rquote t at lunch either. By the time they had finished their apple pie, the after-effects of the Cheering Charms were wear\-ing off, and Harry and Ron had started to get slightly worried.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t think Malfoy did something to her?\rdblquote  Ron said anx\-iously as they hurried upstairs toward Gryffindor Tower.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They passed the security trolls, gave the Fat Lady the password (\lang3081\ldblquote\lang1033 Flibbertigibbet\lang3081\rdblquote\lang1033 ), and scrambled through the portrait hole into the common room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione was sitting at a table, fast asleep, her head resting on an open Arithmancy book. They went to sit down on either side of her. Harry prodded her awake.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wh \emdash  what?\rdblquote  said Hermione, waking with a start and staring wildly around. \ldblquote Is it time to go? W \emdash  which lesson have we got now?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Divination, but it\rquote s not for another twenty minutes,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Hermione, why didn\rquote t you come to Charms?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What? Oh no!\rdblquote  Hermione squeaked. \ldblquote I forgot to go to Charms!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But how could you forget?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote You were with us till we were right outside the classroom!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t believe it!\rdblquote  Hermione wailed. \ldblquote Was Professor Flitwick angry? Oh, it was Malfoy, I was thinking about him and I lost track of things!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know what, Hermione?\rdblquote  said Ron, looking down at the enormous Arithmancy book Hermione had been using as a pillow. \ldblquote I reckon you\rquote re cracking up. You\rquote re trying to do too much.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I\rquote m not!\rdblquote  said Hermione, brushing her hair out of her eyes and staring hopelessly around for her bag. \ldblquote I just made a mistake, that\rquote s all! I\rquote d better go and see Professor Flitwick and say sorry. \'85 I\rquote ll see you in Divination!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione joined them at the foot of the ladder to Professor\lang3081  \lang1033 Trelawney\rquote s classroom twenty minutes later, looking extremely har\-assed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t believe I missed Cheering Charms! And I bet they come up in our exams; Professor Flitwick hinted they might!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Together they climbed the ladder into the dim, stifling tower room. Glowing on every little table was a crystal ball full of pearly white mist. Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat down together at the same rickety table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought we weren\rquote t starting crystal balls until next term,\rdblquote  Ron muttered, casting a wary eye around for Professor Trelawney, in case she was lurking nearby.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t complain, this means we\rquote ve finished palmistry,\rdblquote  Harry muttered back. \ldblquote I was getting sick of her flinching every time she looked at my hands.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good day to you!\rdblquote  said the familiar, misty voice, and Professor Trelawney made her usual dramatic entrance out of the shadows. Parvati and Lavender quivered with excitement, their faces lit by the milky glow of their crystal ball.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have decided to introduce the crystal ball a little earlier than I had planned,\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney, sitting with her back to the fire and gazing around. \ldblquote The fates have informed me that your ex\-amination in June will concern the Orb, and I am anxious to give you sufficient practice.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione snorted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, honestly \'85 \lang3081\lquote\lang1033 the fates have informed her\lang3081\rquote\lang1033  \'85 who sets the exam? She does! What an amazing prediction!\rdblquote  she said, not troubling to keep her voice low. Harry and Ron choked back laughs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was hard to tell whether Professor Trelawney had heard them,\lang3081  \lang1033 as her face was hidden in shadow. She continued, however, as though she had not.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Crystal gazing is a particularly refined art,\rdblquote  she said dreamily. \ldblquote I do not expect any of you to See when first you peer into the Orb\rquote s infinite depths. We shall start by practicing relaxing the conscious mind and external eyes\rdblquote  \emdash  Ron began to snigger uncontrollably and had to stuff his fist in his mouth to stifle the noise \emdash  \ldblquote so as to clear the Inner Eye and the superconscious. Perhaps, if we are lucky, some of you will See before the end of the class.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And so they began. Harry, at least, felt extremely foolish, staring blankly at the crystal ball, trying to keep his mind empty when thoughts such as \ldblquote this is stupid\rdblquote  kept drifting across it. It didn\rquote t help that Ron kept breaking into silent giggles and Hermione kept tutting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Seen anything yet?\rdblquote  Harry asked them after a quarter of an hour\rquote s quiet crystal gazing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, there\rquote s a burn on this table,\rdblquote  said Ron, pointing. \ldblquote Some\-one\rquote s spilled their candle.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is such a waste of time,\rdblquote  Hermione hissed. \ldblquote I could be practicing something useful. I could be catching up on Cheering Charms \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Trelawney rustled past.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Would anyone like me to help them interpret the shadowy por\-tents within their Orb?\rdblquote  she murmured over the clinking of her bangles.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t need help,\rdblquote  Ron whispered. \ldblquote It\rquote s obvious what this means. There\rquote s going to be loads of fog tonight.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Both Harry and Hermione burst out laughing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, really!\rdblquote  said Professor Trelawney as everyone\rquote s heads\lang3081  \lang1033 turned in their direction. Parvati and Lavender were looking scandalized. \ldblquote You are disturbing the clairvoyant vibrations!\rdblquote  She ap\-proached their table and peered into their crystal ball. Harry felt his heart sinking. He was sure he knew what was coming \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There is something here!\rdblquote  Professor Trelawney whispered, low\-ering her face to the ball, so that it was reflected twice in her huge glasses. \ldblquote Something moving \'85 but what is it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was prepared to bet everything he owned, including his Firebolt, that it wasn\rquote t good news, whatever it was. And sure enough \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My dear \'85 ,\rdblquote  Professor Trelawney breathed, gazing up at Harry. \ldblquote It is here, plainer than ever before \'85 my dear, stalking toward you, growing ever closer \'85 the Gr \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, for \i goodness\i0\rquote\lang3081  \lang1033 sake!\rdblquote  said Hermione loudly. \ldblquote Not that ridicu\-lous Grim \i again\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Trelawney raised her enormous eyes to Hermione\rquote s face. Parvati whispered something to Lavender, and they both glared at Hermione too. Professor Trelawney stood up, surveying Hermione with unmistakable anger.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am sorry to say that from the moment you have arrived in this class, my \i dear,\i0  it has been apparent that you do not have what the noble art of Divination requires. Indeed, I don\rquote t remember ever meeting a student whose mind was so hopelessly mundane.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a moment\rquote s silence. Then \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fine!\rdblquote  said Hermione suddenly, getting up and cramming \i Un\-fogging the Future\i0  back into her bag. \ldblquote Fine!\rdblquote  she repeated, swinging the bag over her shoulder and almost knocking Ron off his chair. \ldblquote I give up! I\rquote m leaving!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And to the whole class\rquote s amazement, Hermione strode over to the trapdoor, kicked it open, and climbed down the ladder out of sight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It took a few minutes for the class to settle down again. Profes\-sor Trelawney seemed to have forgotten all about the Grim. She turned abruptly from Harry and Ron\rquote s table, breathing rather heav\-ily as she tugged her gauzy shawl more closely to her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ooooo!\rdblquote  said Lavender suddenly, making everyone start. \ldblquote Oooooo, Professor Trelawney, I\rquote ve just remembered! You saw her leaving, didn\rquote t you? Didn\rquote t you, Professor? \lang3081\lquote\lang1033\i Around Easter, one of our number will leave us forever\i0 !\lang3081\rquote\lang1033  You said it \i ages\i0  ago, Professor!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Trelawney gave her a dewy smile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, my dear, I did indeed know that Miss Granger would be leaving us. One hopes, however, that one might have mistaken the Signs. \'85 The Inner Eye can be a burden, you know. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lavender and Parvati looked deeply impressed, and moved over so that Professor Trelawney could join their table instead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Some day Hermione\rquote s having, eh?\rdblquote  Ron muttered to Harry, looking awed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glanced into the crystal ball but saw nothing but swirling white mist. Had Professor Trelawney really seen the Grim again? Would he? The last thing he needed was another near-fatal acci\-dent, with the Quidditch final drawing ever nearer.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 The Easter holidays were not exactly relaxing. The third years had never had so much homework. Neville Longbottom seemed close to a nervous collapse, and he wasn\rquote t the only one.\lang3081\par
\lang1033  \ldblquote Call this a holiday!\rdblquote  Seamus Finnigan roared at the common room one afternoon. \ldblquote The exams are ages away, what\rquote re they play\-ing at?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But nobody had as much to do as Hermione. Even without Div\-ination, she was taking more subjects than anybody else. She was usually last to leave the common room at night, first to arrive at the library the next morning; she had shadows like Lupin\rquote s under her eyes, and seemed constantly close to tears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron had taken over responsibility for Buckbeak\rquote s appeal. When he wasn\rquote t doing his own work, he was poring over enormously thick volumes with names like \i The Handbook of Hippogriff Psy\-chology\i0  and \i Fowl or Foul\i0 ?\i  A Study of Hippogriff Brutality.\i0  He was so absorbed, he even forgot to be horrible to Crookshanks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, meanwhile, had to fit in his homework around Quid\-ditch practice every day, not to mention endless discussions of tac\-tics with Wood. The Gryffindor-Slytherin match would take place on the first Saturday after the Easter holidays. Slytherin was lead\-ing the tournament by exactly two hundred points. This meant (as Wood constantly reminded his team) that they needed to win the match by more than that amount to win the Cup. It also meant that the burden of winning fell largely on Harry, because capturing the Snitch was worth one hundred and fifty points.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you must catch it \i only\i0  if we\rquote re \i more than\i0  fifty points up,\rdblquote  Wood told Harry constantly. \ldblquote Only if we\rquote re more than fifty points up, Harry, or we win the match but lose the Cup. You\rquote ve got that, haven\rquote t you? You must catch the Snitch only if we\rquote re \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I KNOW, OLIVER!\rdblquote  Harry yelled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The whole of Gryffindor House was obsessed with the coming\lang3081  \lang1033 match. Gryffindor hadn\rquote t won the Quidditch Cup since the leg\-endary Charlie Weasley (Ron\rquote s second oldest brother) had been Seeker. But Harry doubted whether any of them, even Wood, wanted to win as much as he did. The enmity between Harry and Malfoy was at its highest point ever. Malfoy was still smarting about the mud-throwing incident in Hogsmeade and was even more furious that Harry had somehow wormed his way out of punishment. Harry hadn\rquote t forgotten Malfoy\rquote s attempt to sabotage him in the match against Ravenclaw, but it was the matter of Buck\-beak that made him most determined to beat Malfoy in front of the entire school.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Never, in anyone\rquote s memory, had a match approached in such a highly charged atmosphere. By the time the holidays were over, tension between the two teams and their Houses was at the break\-ing point. A number of small scuffles broke out in the corridors, culminating in a nasty incident in which a Gryffindor fourth year and a Slytherin sixth year ended up in the hospital wing with leeks sprouting out of their ears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was having a particularly bad time of it. He couldn\rquote t walk to class without Slytherins sticking out their legs and trying to trip him up; Crabbe and Goyle kept popping up wherever he went, and slouching away looking disappointed when they saw him sur\-rounded by people. Wood had given instructions that Harry should be accompanied everywhere he went, in case the Slytherins tried to put him out of action. The whole of Gryffindor House took up the challenge enthusiastically, so that it was impossible for Harry to get to classes on time because he was surrounded by a vast, chattering crowd. Harry was more concerned for his Firebolt\rquote s\lang3081  \lang1033 safety than his own. When he wasn\rquote t flying it, he locked it securely in his trunk and frequently dashed back up to Gryffindor Tower at break times to check that it was still there.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 All usual pursuits were abandoned in the Gryffindor common room the night before the match. Even Hermione had put down her books.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t work, I can\rquote t concentrate,\rdblquote  she said nervously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a great deal of noise. Fred and George Weasley were dealing with the pressure by being louder and more exuberant than ever. Oliver Wood was crouched over a model of a Quidditch field in the corner, prodding little figures across it with his wand and muttering to himself. Angelina, Alicia, and Katie were laughing at Fred\rquote s and George\rquote s jokes. Harry was sitting with Ron and Her\-mione, removed from the center of things, trying not to think about the next day, because every time he did, he had the horrible sensation that something very large was fighting to get out of his stomach.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re going to be fine,\rdblquote  Hermione told him, though she looked positively terrified.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve got a \i Firebolt\i0 !\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 ,\rdblquote  said Harry, his stomach writhing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It came as a relief when Wood suddenly stood up and yelled, \ldblquote Team! Bed!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry slept badly. First he dreamed that he had overslept, and that Wood was yelling, \ldblquote Where were you? We had to use Neville in\-stead!\rdblquote  Then he dreamed that Malfoy and the rest of the Slytherin team arrived for the match riding dragons. He was flying at\lang3081  \lang1033 breakneck speed, trying to avoid a spurt of flames from Malfoy\rquote s steed\rquote s mouth, when he realized he had forgotten his Firebolt. He fell through the air and woke with a start.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was a few seconds before Harry remembered that the match hadn\rquote t taken place yet, that he was safe in bed, and that the Slytherin team definitely wouldn\rquote t be allowed to play on dragons. He was feeling very thirsty. Quietly as he could, he got out of his four-poster and went to pour himself some water from the silver jug beneath the window.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The grounds were still and quiet. No breath of wind disturbed the treetops in the Forbidden Forest; the Whomping Willow was motionless and innocent-looking. It looked as though the condi\-tions for the match would be perfect.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry set down his goblet and was about to turn back to his bed when something caught his eye. An animal of some kind was prowling across the silvery lawn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry dashed to his bedside table, snatched up his glasses, and put them on, then hurried back to the window. It couldn\rquote t be the Grim \emdash  not now \emdash  not right before the match \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He peered out at the grounds again and, after a minute\rquote s frantic searching, spotted it. It was skirting the edge of the forest now. \'85 It wasn\rquote t the Grim at all\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 it was a cat. \'85 Harry clutched the window ledge in relief as he recognized the bottlebrush tail. It was only Crookshanks. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Or \i was\i0  it only Crookshanks? Harry squinted, pressing his nose flat against the glass. Crookshanks seemed to have come to a halt. Harry was sure he could see something else moving in the shadow of the trees too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And just then, it emerged \emdash  a gigantic, shaggy black dog,\lang3081  \lang1033 moving stealthily across the lawn, Crookshanks trotting at its side. Harry stared. What did this mean? If Crookshanks could see the dog as well, how could it be an omen of Harry\rquote s death?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron!\rdblquote  Harry hissed. \ldblquote Ron! Wake up!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Huh?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I need you to tell me if you can see something!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote S\rquote all dark, Harry,\rdblquote  Ron muttered thickly. \ldblquote What\rquote re you on about?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Down here \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked quickly back out of the window.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Crookshanks and the dog had vanished. Harry climbed onto the windowsill to look right down into the shadows of the castle, but they weren\rquote t there. Where had they gone?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A loud snore told him Ron had fallen asleep again.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry and the rest of the Gryffindor team entered the Great Hall the next day to enormous applause. Harry couldn\rquote t help grinning broadly as he saw that both the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff tables were applauding them too. The Slytherin table hissed loudly as they passed. Harry noticed that Malfoy looked even paler than usual.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Wood spent the whole of breakfast urging his team to eat, while touching nothing himself. Then he hurried them off to the field before anyone else had finished, so they could get an idea of the conditions. As they left the Great Hall, everyone applauded again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good luck, Harry!\rdblquote  called Cho. Harry felt himself blushing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay \emdash  no wind to speak of\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  sun\rquote s a bit bright, that could\lang3081  \lang1033 impair your vision, watch out for it \emdash  ground\rquote s fairly hard, good, that\rquote ll give us a fast kickoff\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Wood paced the field, staring around with the team behind him. Finally, they saw the front doors of the castle open in the distance and the rest of the school spilling onto the lawn.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Locker rooms,\rdblquote  said Wood tersely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 None of them spoke as they changed into their scarlet robes. Harry wondered if they were feeling like he was: as though he\rquote d eaten something extremely wriggly for breakfast. In what seemed like no time at all, Wood was saying, \ldblquote Okay, it\rquote s time, let\rquote s go \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They walked out onto the field to a tidal wave of noise. Three-quarters of the crowd was wearing scarlet rosettes, waving scarlet flags with the Gryffindor lion upon them, or brandishing banners with slogans like \ldblquote GO GRYFFINDOR!\rdblquote  and \ldblquote LIONS FOR THE CUP!\rdblquote  Behind the Slytherin goal posts, however, two hundred people were wearing green; the silver serpent of Slytherin glittered on their flags, and Professor Snape sat in the very front row, wear\-ing green like everyone else, and a very grim smile.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And here are the Gryffindors!\rdblquote  yelled Lee Jordan, who was act\-ing as commentator as usual. \ldblquote Potter, Bell, Johnson, Spinnet, Weasley, Weasley, and Wood. Widely acknowledged as the best team Hogwarts has seen in a good few years \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lee\rquote s comments were drowned by a tide of \ldblquote boos\rdblquote  from the Slytherin end.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And here come the Slytherin team, led by Captain Flint. He\rquote s made some changes in the lineup and seems to be going for size rather than skill \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 More boos from the Slytherin crowd. Harry, however, thought\lang3081  \lang1033 Lee had a point. Malfoy was easily the smallest person on the Slytherin team; the rest of them were enormous.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Captains, shake hands!\rdblquote  said Madam Hooch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Flint and Wood approached each other and grasped each other\rquote s hand very tightly; it looked as though each was trying to break the other\rquote s fingers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mount your brooms!\rdblquote  said Madam Hooch. \ldblquote Three \'85 two \'85 one\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The sound of her whistle was lost in the roar from the crowd as fourteen brooms rose into the air. Harry felt his hair fly back off his forehead; his nerves left him in the thrill of the flight; he glanced around, saw Malfoy on his tail, and sped off in search of the Snitch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And it\rquote s Gryffindor in possession, Alicia Spinnet of Gryffindor with the Quaffle, heading straight for the Slytherin goal posts, looking good, Alicia! Argh, no \emdash  Quaffle intercepted by Warring\-ton, Warrington of Slytherin tearing up the field \emdash  WHAM! \emdash  nice Bludger work there by George Weasley, Warrington drops the Quaffle, it\rquote s caught by \emdash  Johnson, Gryffindor back in possession, come on, Angelina \emdash  nice swerve around Montague \emdash  \i duck, An\-gelina, that\rquote s a Bludger\i0 !\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\lang3081  \lang1033 SHE SCORES! TEN\lang3081\endash\lang1033 ZERO TO GRYFFINDOR!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Angelina punched the air as she soared around the end of the field; the sea of scarlet below was screaming its delight \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote OUCH!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Angelina was nearly thrown from her broom as Marcus Flint went smashing into her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry!\rdblquote  said Flint as the crowd below booed. \ldblquote Sorry, didn\rquote t see her!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A moment later, Fred Weasley chucked his Beater\rquote s club at the back of Flint\rquote s head. Flint\rquote s nose smashed into the handle of his broom and began to bleed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That will do!\rdblquote  shrieked Madam Hooch, zooming between them. \ldblquote Penalty shot to Gryffindor for an unprovoked attack on their Chaser! Penalty shot to Slytherin for deliberate damage to \i their\i0  Chaser!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come off it, Miss!\rdblquote  howled Fred, but Madam Hooch blew her whistle and Alicia flew forward to take the penalty.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on, Alicia!\rdblquote  yelled Lee into the silence that had de\-scended on the crowd. \ldblquote YES! SHE\rquote S BEATEN THE KEEPER! TWENTY\lang3081\endash\lang1033 ZERO TO GRYFFINDOR!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned the Firebolt sharply to watch Flint, still bleeding freely, fly forward to take the Slytherin penalty. Wood was hovering in front of the Gryffindor goal posts, his jaw clenched.\lang3081\par
\ldblquote  \rquote\lang1033 Course, Wood\rquote s a superb Keeper!\rdblquote  Lee Jordan told the crowd as Flint waited for Madam Hooch\rquote s whistle. \ldblquote Superb! Very difficult to pass \emdash  very difficult indeed \emdash  YES! I DON\rquote T BELIEVE IT! HE\rquote S SAVED IT!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Relieved, Harry zoomed away, gazing around for the Snitch, but still making sure he caught every word of Lee\rquote s commentary. It was essential that he hold Malfoy off the Snitch until Gryffindor was more than fifty points up \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Gryffindor in possession, no, Slytherin in possession \emdash  no! \emdash  Gryffindor back in possession and it\rquote s Katie Bell, Katie Bell for Gryffindor with the Quaffle, she\rquote s streaking up the field \emdash  THAT WAS DELIBERATE!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Montague, a Slytherin Chaser, had swerved in front of Katie,\lang3081  \lang1033 and instead of seizing the Quaffle had grabbed her head. Katie cart\-wheeled in the air, managed to stay on her broom, but dropped the Quaffle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Madam Hooch\rquote s whistle rang out again as she soared over to Montague and began shouting at him. A minute later, Katie had put another penalty past the Slytherin Seeker.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote THIRTY\lang3081\endash\lang1033 ZERO! TAKE THAT, YOU DIRTY, CHEAT\-ING \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Jordan, if you can\rquote t commentate in an unbiased way \emdash  !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m telling it like it is, Professor!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt a huge jolt of excitement. He had seen the Snitch \emdash  it was shimmering at the foot of one of the Gryffindor goal posts \emdash  but he mustn\rquote t catch it yet \emdash  and if Malfoy saw it \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Faking a look of sudden concentration, Harry pulled his Fire\-bolt around and sped off toward the Slytherin end \emdash  it worked. Malfoy went haring after him, clearly thinking Harry had seen the Snitch there. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 WHOOSH.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 One of the Bludgers came streaking past Harry\rquote s right ear, hit by the gigantic Slytherin Beater, Derrick. Then again \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 WHOOSH.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The second Bludger grazed Harry\rquote s elbow. The other Beater, Bole, was closing in.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had a fleeting glimpse of Bole and Derrick zooming toward him, clubs raised \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned the Firebolt upward at the last second, and Bole and Derrick collided with a sickening crunch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ha haaa!\rdblquote  yelled Lee Jordan as the Slytherin Beaters lurched away from each other, clutching their heads. \ldblquote Too bad, boys! You\rquote ll\lang3081  \lang1033 need to get up earlier than that to beat a Firebolt! And it\rquote s Gryf\-findor in possession again, as Johnson takes the Quaffle \emdash  Flint alongside her \emdash  poke him in the eye, Angelina! \emdash  it was a joke, Professor, it was a joke \emdash  oh no \emdash  Flint in possession, Flint flying toward the Gryffindor goal posts, come on now, Wood, save \emdash  !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Flint had scored; there was an eruption of cheers from the Slytherin end, and Lee swore so badly that Professor McGonagall tried to tug the magical megaphone away from him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorry, Professor, sorry! Won\rquote t happen again! So, Gryffindor in the lead, thirty points to ten, and Gryffindor in possession \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was turning into the dirtiest game Harry had ever played in. Enraged that Gryffindor had taken such an early lead, the Slytherins were rapidly resorting to any means to take the Quaffle. Bole hit Alicia with his club and tried to say he\rquote d thought she was a Bludger. George Weasley elbowed Bole in the face in retalia\-tion. Madam Hooch awarded both teams penalties, and Wood pulled off another spectacular save, making the score forty-ten to Gryffindor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Snitch had disappeared again. Malfoy was still keeping close to Harry as he soared over the match, looking around for it \emdash  once Gryffindor was fifty points ahead \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Katie scored. Fifty-ten. Fred and George Weasley were swoop\-ing around her, clubs raised, in case any of the Slytherins were thinking of revenge. Bole and Derrick took advantage of Fred\rquote s and George\rquote s absence to aim both Bludgers at Wood; they caught him in the stomach, one after the other, and he rolled over in the air, clutching his broom, completely winded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Madam Hooch was beside herself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote YOU DO NOT ATTACK THE KEEPER UNLESS THE\lang3081  \lang1033 QUAFFLE IS WITHIN THE SCORING AREA!\rdblquote  she shrieked at Bole and Derrick. \ldblquote Gryffindor penalty!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Angelina scored. Sixty-ten. Moments later, Fred Weasley pelted a Bludger at Warrington, knocking the Quaffle out of his hands; Alicia seized it and put it through the Slytherin goal \emdash  seventy-ten.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Gryffindor crowd below was screaming itself hoarse \emdash  Gryffindor was sixty points in the lead, and if Harry caught the Snitch now, the Cup was theirs. Harry could almost feel hundreds of eyes following him as he soared around the field, high above the rest of the game, with Malfoy speeding along behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then he saw it. The Snitch was sparkling twenty feet above him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry put on a huge burst of speed; the wind was roaring in his ears; he stretched out his hand, but suddenly, the Firebolt was slow\-ing down \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Horrified, he looked around. Malfoy had thrown himself for\-ward, grabbed hold of the Firebolt\rquote s tail, and was pulling it back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was angry enough to hit Malfoy, but couldn\rquote t reach \emdash  Malfoy was panting with the effort of holding onto the Firebolt, but his eyes were sparkling maliciously. He had achieved what he\rquote d wanted to do \emdash  the Snitch had disappeared again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Penalty! Penalty to Gryffindor! I\rquote ve never seen such tactics!\rdblquote  Madam Hooch screeched, shooting up to where Malfoy was slid\-ing back onto his Nimbus Two Thousand and One.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote YOU CHEATING SCUM!\rdblquote  Lee Jordan was howling into the megaphone, dancing out of Professor McGonagall\rquote s reach. \ldblquote YOU FILTHY, CHEATING B \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor McGonagall didn\rquote t even bother to tell him off. She was actually shaking her finger in Malfoy\rquote s direction, her hat had fallen off, and she too was shouting furiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Alicia took Gryffindor\rquote s penalty, but she was so angry she missed by several feet. The Gryffindor team was losing concentration and the Slytherins, delighted by Malfoy\rquote s foul on Harry, were being spurred on to greater heights.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Slytherin in possession, Slytherin heading for goal \emdash  Montague scores \emdash\rdblquote  Lee groaned. \ldblquote Seventy-twenty to Gryf\-findor. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was now marking Malfoy so closely their knees kept hit\-ting each other. Harry wasn\rquote t going to let Malfoy anywhere near the Snitch. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get out of it, Potter!\rdblquote  Malfoy yelled in frustration as he tried to turn and found Harry blocking him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Angelina Johnson gets the Quaffle for Gryffindor, come on, Angelina, COME ON!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked around. Every single Slytherin player apart from Malfoy was streaking up the pitch toward Angelina, including the Slytherin Keeper \emdash  they were all going to block her \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry wheeled the Firebolt around, bent so low he was lying flat along the handle, and kicked it forward. Like a bullet, he shot toward the Slytherins.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote AAAAAAARRRGH!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They scattered as the Firebolt zoomed toward them; Angelina\rquote s way was clear.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote SHE SCORES! SHE SCORES! Gryffindor leads by eighty points to twenty!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, who had almost pelted headlong into the stands, skidded\lang3081  \lang1033 to a halt in midair, reversed, and zoomed back into the middle of the field.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then he saw something to make his heart stand still. Malfoy was diving, a look of triumph on his face \emdash  there, a few feet above the grass below, was a tiny, golden glimmer \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry urged the Firebolt downward, but Malfoy was miles ahead \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Go! Go! Go!\rdblquote  Harry urged his broom. He was gaining on Mal\-foy \emdash  Harry flattened himself to the broom handle as Bole sent a Bludger at him \emdash  he was at Malfoy\rquote s ankles \emdash  he was level \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry threw himself forward, took both hands off his broom. He knocked Malfoy\rquote s arm out of the way and \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote YES!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pulled out of his dive, his hand in the air, and the stadium exploded. Harry soared above the crowd, an odd ringing in his ears. The tiny golden ball was held tight in his fist, beating its wings hopelessly against his fingers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then Wood was speeding toward him, half-blinded by tears; he seized Harry around the neck and sobbed unrestrainedly into his shoulder. Harry felt two large thumps as Fred and George hit them; then Angelina\rquote s, Alicia\rquote s, and Katie\rquote s voices, \ldblquote\i We\rquote ve won the Cup\i0 ! \i We\rquote ve won the Cup\i0 !\rdblquote  Tangled together in a many-armed hug, the Gryffindor team sank, yelling hoarsely, back to earth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Wave upon wave of crimson supporters was pouring over the barriers onto the field. Hands were raining down on their backs. Harry had a confused impression of noise and bodies pressing in on him. Then he, and the rest of the team, were hoisted onto the shoulders of the crowd. Thrust into the light, he saw Hagrid, plastered with crimson rosettes \emdash  \ldblquote Yeh beat \rquote em, Harry, yeh beat \rquote em! Wait till I tell Buckbeak!\rdblquote  There was Percy, jumping up and down like a maniac, all dignity forgotten. Professor McGonagall was sob\-bing harder even than Wood, wiping her eyes with an enormous Gryffindor flag; and there, fighting their way toward Harry, were Ron and Hermione. Words failed them. They simply beamed as Harry was borne toward the stands, where Dumbledore stood waiting with the enormous Quidditch Cup.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 If only there had been a dementor around. \'85 As a sobbing Wood passed Harry the Cup, as he lifted it into the air, Harry felt he could have produced the world\rquote s best Patronus.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 16\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Professor Trelawney\rquote s Prediction\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry\rquote s euphoria at finally winning the Quidditch Cup lasted at least a week. Even the weather seemed to be cel\-ebrating; as June approached, the days became cloudless and sultry, and all anybody felt like doing was strolling onto the grounds and flopping down on the grass with several pints of iced pumpkin juice, perhaps playing a casual game of Gobstones or watching the giant squid propel itself dreamily across the surface of the lake.\par
But they couldn\rquote t. Exams were nearly upon them, and instead of lazing around outside, the students were forced to remain inside the castle, trying to bully their brains into concentrating while en\-ticing wafts of summer air drifted in through the windows. Even Fred and George Weasley had been spotted working; they were about to take their O.W.L.s (Ordinary Wizarding Levels). Percy was getting ready to take his N.E.W.T.s (Nastily Exhausting Wiz\-arding Tests), the highest qualification Hogwarts offered. As Percy\lang3081  \lang1033 hoped to enter the Ministry of Magic, he needed top grades. He was becoming increasingly edgy, and gave very severe punishments to anybody who disturbed the quiet of the common room in the evenings. In fact, the only person who seemed more anxious than Percy was Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Ron had given up asking her how she was managing to attend several classes at once, but they couldn\rquote t restrain them\-selves when they saw the exam schedule she had drawn up for her\-self. The first column read:\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i Monday\lang3081\par
\lang1033 9\lang3081  o\rquote clock, Arithmancy\par
\lang1033 9\lang3081  o\rquote clock,\lang1033  Transfiguration\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lunch\lang3081\par
1 o\rquote clock, Charms\par
\lang1033 1 \lang3081 o\rquote clock,\lang1033   Ancient\lang3081  Runes\par
\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione?\rdblquote  Ron said cautiously, because she was liable to explode when interrupted these days. \ldblquote Er \emdash  are you sure you\rquote ve copied down these times right?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  snapped Hermione, picking up the exam schedule and examining it. \ldblquote Yes, of course I have.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is there any point asking how you\rquote re going to sit for two exams at once?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Hermione shortly. \ldblquote Have either of you seen my copy of \i Numerology and Gramatica\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, yeah, I borrowed it for a bit of bedtime reading,\rdblquote  said Ron, but very quietly. Hermione started shifting heaps of parchment\lang3081  \lang1033 around on her table, looking for the book. Just then, there was a rustle at the window and Hedwig fluttered through it, a note clutched tight in her beak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s from Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Harry, ripping the note open. \ldblquote Buck\-beak\rquote s appeal \emdash  it\rquote s set for the sixth.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s the day we finish our exams,\rdblquote  said Hermione, still look\-ing everywhere for her Arithmancy book.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And they\rquote re coming up here to do it,\rdblquote  said Harry, still reading from the letter. \ldblquote Someone from the Ministry of Magic and \emdash  and an executioner.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked up, startled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote re bringing the executioner to the appeal! But that sounds as though they\rquote ve already decided!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, it does,\rdblquote  said Harry slowly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They can\rquote t!\rdblquote  Ron howled. \ldblquote I\rquote ve spent \i ages \i0 reading up on stuff for him; they can\rquote t just ignore it all!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry had a horrible feeling that the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures had had its mind made up for it by Mr. Malfoy. Draco, who had been noticeably subdued since Gryffindor\rquote s triumph in the Quidditch final, seemed to regain some of his old swagger over the next few days. From sneering comments Harry overheard, Malfoy was certain Buckbeak was go\-ing to be killed, and seemed thoroughly pleased with himself for bringing it about. It was all Harry could do to stop himself imitat\-ing Hermione and hitting Malfoy in the face on these occasions. And the worst thing of all was that they had no time or opportu\-nity to go and see Hagrid, because the strict new security measures had not been lifted, and Harry didn\rquote t dare retrieve his Invisibility Cloak from below the one-eyed witch.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc *   *   *\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj Exam week began and an unnatural hush fell over the castle. The third years emerged from Transfiguration at lunchtime on Monday, limp and ashen-faced, comparing results and bemoaning the diffi\-culty of the tasks they had been set, which had included turning a teapot into a tortoise. Hermione irritated the rest by fussing about how her tortoise had looked more like a turtle, which was the least of everyone else\rquote s worries.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Mine still had a spout for a tail, what a nightmare. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Were the tortoises \i supposed\i0  to breathe steam?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It still had a willow-patterned shell, d\rquote you think that\rquote ll count against me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then, after a hasty lunch, it was straight back upstairs for the Charms exam. Hermione had been right; Professor Flitwick did in\-deed test them on Cheering Charms. Harry slightly overdid his out of nerves and Ron, who was partnering him, ended up in fits of hysterical laughter and had to be led away to a quiet room for an hour before he was ready to perform the charm himself. After din\-ner, the students hurried back to their common rooms, not to re\-lax, but to start studying for Care of Magical Creatures, Potions, and Astronomy.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid presided over the Care of Magical Creatures exam the following morning with a very preoccupied air indeed; his heart didn\rquote t seem to be in it at all. He had provided a large tub of fresh flobberworms for the class, and told them that to pass the test, their flobberworm had to still be alive at the end of one hour. As flobberworms flourished best if left to their own devices, it was the easiest exam any of them had ever taken, and also gave\lang3081  \lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione plenty of opportunity to speak to Hagrid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Beaky\rquote s gettin\rquote  a bit depressed,\rdblquote  Hagrid told them, bending low on the pretense of checking that Harry\rquote s flobberworm was still alive. \ldblquote Bin cooped up too long. But still \'85 we\rquote ll know day after tomorrow \emdash  one way or the other \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had Potions that afternoon, which was an unqualified dis\-aster. Try as Harry might, he couldn\rquote t get his Confusing Concoc\-tion to thicken, and Snape, standing watch with an air of vindictive pleasure, scribbled something that looked suspiciously like a zero onto his notes before moving away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then came Astronomy at midnight, up on the tallest tower; History of Magic on Wednesday morning, in which Harry scribbled everything Florean Fortescue had ever told him about medieval witch-hunts, while wishing he could have had one of Fortescue\rquote s choco-nut sundaes with him in the stifling classroom. Wednesday afternoon meant Herbology, in the greenhouses under a baking-hot sun; then back to the common room once more, with sunburnt necks, thinking longingly of this time next day, when it would all be over.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Their second to last exam, on Thursday morning, was Defense Against the Dark Arts. Professor Lupin had compiled the most un\-usual exam any of them had ever taken; a sort of obstacle course outside in the sun, where they had to wade across a deep paddling pool containing a grindylow, cross a series of potholes full of Red Caps, squish their way across a patch of marsh while ignoring mis\-leading directions from a hinkypunk, then climb into an old trunk and battle with a new boggart.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Excellent, Harry,\rdblquote  Lupin muttered as Harry climbed out of the trunk, grinning. \ldblquote Full marks.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Flushed with his success, Harry hung around to watch Ron and Hermione. Ron did very well until he reached the hinkypunk, which successfully confused him into sinking waist-high into the quagmire. Hermione did everything perfectly until she reached the trunk with the boggart in it. After about a minute inside it, she burst out again, screaming.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione!\rdblquote  said Lupin, startled. \ldblquote What\rquote s the matter?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote P \emdash  P \emdash  Professor McGonagall!\rdblquote  Hermione gasped, pointing into the trunk. \ldblquote Sh \emdash  she said I\rquote d failed everything!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It took a little while to calm Hermione down. When at last she had regained a grip on herself, she, Harry, and Ron went back to the castle. Ron was still slightly inclined to laugh at Hermione\rquote s boggart, but an argument was averted by the sight that met them on the top of the steps.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Cornelius Fudge, sweating slightly in his pinstriped cloak, was standing there staring out at the grounds. He started at the sight of Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hello there, Harry!\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Just had an exam, I expect? Nearly finished?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry. Hermione and Ron, not being on speaking terms with the Minister of Magic, hovered awkwardly in the back\-ground.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lovely day,\rdblquote  said Fudge, casting an eye over the lake. \ldblquote Pity \'85 pity \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He sighed deeply and looked down at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m here on an unpleasant mission, Harry. The Committee for\lang3081  \lang1033 the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures required a witness to the exe\-cution of a mad hippogriff. As I needed to visit Hogwarts to check on the Black situation, I was asked to step in.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Does that mean the appeal\rquote s already happened?\rdblquote  Ron inter\-rupted, stepping forward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, no, it\rquote s scheduled for this afternoon,\rdblquote  said Fudge, looking curiously at Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then you might not have to witness an execution at all!\rdblquote  said Ron stoutly. \ldblquote The hippogriff might get off!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Before Fudge could answer, two wizards came through the castle doors behind him. One was so ancient he appeared to be withering before their very eyes; the other was tall and strapping, with a thin black mustache. Harry gathered that they were representatives of the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures, because the very old wizard squinted toward Hagrid\rquote s cabin and said in a feeble voice, \ldblquote Dear, dear, I\rquote m getting too old for this. \'85 Two o\rquote clock, isn\rquote t it, Fudge?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The black-mustached man was fingering something in his belt; Harry looked and saw that he was running one broad thumb along the blade of a shining axe. Ron opened his mouth to say some\-thing, but Hermione nudged him hard in the ribs and jerked her head toward the entrance hall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why\rquote d you stop me?\rdblquote  said Ron angrily as they entered the Great Hall for lunch. \ldblquote Did you see them? They\rquote ve even got the axe ready! This isn\rquote t justice!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, your dad works for the Ministry, you can\rquote t go saying things like that to his boss!\rdblquote  said Hermione, but she too looked very upset. \ldblquote As long as Hagrid keeps his head this time, and argues his case properly, they can\rquote t possibly execute Buckbeak. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry could tell Hermione didn\rquote t really believe what she was saying. All around them, people were talking excitedly as they ate their lunch, happily anticipating the end of the exams that after\-noon, but Harry, Ron, and Hermione, lost in worry about Hagrid and Buckbeak, didn\rquote t join in.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s and Ron\rquote s last exam was Divination; Hermione\rquote s, Muggle Studies. They walked up the marble staircase together; Hermione left them on the first floor and Harry and Ron pro\-ceeded all the way up to the seventh, where many of their class were sitting on the spiral staircase to Professor Trelawney\rquote s classroom, trying to cram in a bit of last-minute studying.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She\rquote s seeing us all separately,\rdblquote  Neville informed them as they went to sit down next to him. He had his copy of \i Unfogging the Fu\-ture\i0  open on his lap at the pages devoted to crystal gazing. \ldblquote Have either of you ever seen \i anything\i0  in a crystal ball?\rdblquote  he asked them unhappily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nope,\rdblquote  said Ron in an offhand voice. He kept checking his watch; Harry knew that he was counting down the time until Buckbeak\rquote s appeal started.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The line of people outside the classroom shortened very slowly. As each person climbed back down the silver ladder, the rest of the class hissed, \ldblquote What did she ask? Was it okay?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But they all refused to say.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She says the crystal ball\rquote s told her that if I tell you, I\rquote ll have a horrible accident!\rdblquote  squeaked Neville as he clambered back down the ladder toward Harry and Ron, who had now reached the landing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s convenient,\rdblquote  snorted Ron. \ldblquote You know, I\rquote m starting to think Hermione was right about her\rdblquote  \emdash  he jabbed his thumb toward the trapdoor overhead \emdash  \ldblquote she\rquote s a right old fraud.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah,\rdblquote  said Harry, looking at his own watch. It was now two o\rquote clock. \ldblquote Wish she\rquote d hurry up \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Parvati came back down the ladder glowing with pride.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She says I\rquote ve got all the makings of a true Seer,\rdblquote  she informed Harry and Ron. \ldblquote I saw \i loads\i0  of stuff. \'85 Well, good luck!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She hurried off down the spiral staircase toward Lavender.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ronald Weasley,\rdblquote  said the familiar, misty voice from over their heads. Ron grimaced at Harry and climbed the silver ladder out of sight. Harry was now the only person left to be tested. He settled himself on the floor with his back against the wall, listening to a fly buzzing in the sunny window, his mind across the grounds with Hagrid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Finally, after about twenty minutes, Ron\rquote s large feet reappeared on the ladder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How\rquote d it go?\rdblquote  Harry asked him, standing up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Rubbish,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Couldn\rquote t see a thing, so I made some stuff up. Don\rquote t think she was convinced, though. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Meet you in the common room,\rdblquote  Harry muttered as Professor Trelawney\rquote s voice called, \ldblquote Harry Potter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The tower room was hotter than ever before; the curtains were closed, the fire was alight, and the usual sickly scent made Harry cough as he stumbled through the clutter of chairs and tables to where Professor Trelawney sat waiting for him before a large crystal ball.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good day, my dear,\rdblquote  she said softly. \ldblquote If you would kindly gaze into the Orb. \'85 Take your time, now \'85 then tell me what you see within it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry bent over the crystal ball and stared, stared as hard as he\lang3081  \lang1033 could, willing it to show him something other than swirling white fog, but nothing happened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well?\rdblquote  Professor Trelawney prompted delicately. \ldblquote What do you see?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The heat was overpowering and his nostrils were stinging with the perfumed smoke wafting from the fire beside them. He thought of what Ron had just said, and decided to pretend.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote a dark shape \'85 um \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What does it resemble?\rdblquote  whispered Professor Trelawney. \ldblquote Think, now\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry cast his mind around and it landed on Buckbeak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A hippogriff,\rdblquote  he said firmly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Indeed!\rdblquote  whispered Professor Trelawney, scribbling keenly on the parchment perched upon her knees. \ldblquote My boy, you may well be seeing the outcome of poor Hagrid\rquote s trouble with the Ministry of Magic! Look closer. \'85 Does the hippogriff appear to \'85 have its head?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Harry firmly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you sure?\rdblquote  Professor Trelawney urged him. \ldblquote Are you quite sure, dear? You don\rquote t see it writhing on the ground, perhaps, and a shadowy figure raising an axe behind it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  said Harry, starting to feel slightly sick.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No blood? No weeping Hagrid?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  said Harry again, wanting more than ever to leave the room and the heat. \ldblquote It looks fine, it\rquote s \emdash  flying away. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Trelawney sighed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, dear, I think we\rquote ll leave it there. \'85 A little disappoint\-ing \'85 but I\rquote m sure you did your best.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Relieved, Harry got up, picked up his bag and turned to go, but then a loud, harsh voice spoke behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i\ldblquote It will happen tonight.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i0 Harry wheeled around. Professor Trelawney had gone rigid in her armchair; her eyes were unfocused and her mouth sagging.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote S \emdash  sorry?\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Professor Trelawney didn\rquote t seem to hear him. Her eyes started to roll. Harry sat there in a panic. She looked as though she was about to have some sort of seizure. He hesitated, thinking of running to the hospital wing \emdash  and then Professor Trelawney spoke again, in the same harsh voice, quite unlike her own:\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i\ldblquote The Dark Lord lies alone and friendless, abandoned by his followers. His servant has been chained these twelve years. Tonight, before midnight \'85 the servant will break free and set out to rejoin his master. The Dark Lord will rise again with his servant\rquote s aid, greater and more terrible than ever he was. Tonight \'85 before midnight \'85 the ser\-vant \'85 will set out \'85 to rejoin \'85 his master. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i0 Professor Trelawney\rquote s head fell forward onto her chest. She made a grunting sort of noise. Harry sat there, staring at her. Then, quite suddenly, Professor Trelawney\rquote s head snapped up again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m so sorry, dear boy,\rdblquote  she said dreamily, \ldblquote the heat of the day, you know \'85 I drifted off for a moment. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sat there, staring at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Is there anything wrong, my dear?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \emdash  you just told me that the \emdash  the Dark Lord\rquote s going to rise again \'85 that his servant\rquote s going to go back to him. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Professor Trelawney looked thoroughly startled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The Dark Lord? He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named? My dear boy,\lang3081  \lang1033 that\rquote s hardly something to joke about. \'85 Rise again, indeed \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you just said it! You said the Dark Lord \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think you must have dozed off too, dear!\rdblquote  said Professor\lang3081  \lang1033 Trelawney. \ldblquote I would certainly not presume to predict anything\lang3081  \lang1033 quite as far-fetched as \i that\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry climbed back down the ladder and the spiral staircase, wondering \'85 had he just heard Professor Trelawney make a real prediction? Or had that been her idea of an impressive end to the test?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Five minutes later he was dashing past the security trolls outside the entrance to Gryffindor Tower, Professor Trelawney\rquote s words still resounding in his head. People were striding past him in the oppo\-site direction, laughing and joking, heading for the grounds and a bit of long-awaited freedom; by the time he had reached the por\-trait hole and entered the common room, it was almost deserted. Over in the corner, however, sat Ron and Hermione.\par
\ldblquote Professor Trelawney,\rdblquote  Harry panted, \ldblquote just told me \emdash\rdblquote\par
But he stopped abruptly at the sight of their faces.\par
\ldblquote Buckbeak lost,\rdblquote  said Ron weakly. \ldblquote Hagrid\rquote s just sent this.\rdblquote\par
Hagrid\rquote s note was dry this time, no tears had splattered it, yet his hand seemed to have shaken so much as he wrote that it was hardly legible.\par
\par
\i Lost appeal. They\rquote re going to execute at sunset.\par
Nothing you can do. Don\rquote t come down.\par
I don\rquote t want you to see it.\par
Hagrid\par
\i0\par
\ldblquote We\rquote ve got to go,\rdblquote  said Harry at once. \ldblquote He can\rquote t just sit there on his own, waiting for the executioner!\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Sunset, though,\rdblquote  said Ron, who was staring out the window in a glazed sort of way. \ldblquote We\rquote d never be allowed\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 \rquote specially you, Harry. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sank his head into his hands, thinking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If we only had the Invisibility Cloak. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where is it?\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry told her about leaving it in the passageway under the one-eyed witch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 if Snape sees me anywhere near there again, I\rquote m in serious trouble,\rdblquote  he finished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s true,\rdblquote  said Hermione, getting to her feet. \ldblquote If he sees \i you\i0 . \'85 How do you open the witch\rquote s hump again?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \emdash  you tap it and say, \lang3081\lquote\lang1033\i Dissendium,\lang3081\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\lang1033  said Harry. \ldblquote But \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione didn\rquote t wait for the rest of his sentence; she strode across the room, pushed open the Fat Lady\rquote s portrait and vanished from sight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote She hasn\rquote t gone to get it?\rdblquote  Ron said, staring after her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She had. Hermione returned a quarter of an hour later with the silvery cloak folded carefully under her robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, I don\rquote t know what\rquote s gotten into you lately!\rdblquote  said Ron, astounded. \ldblquote First you hit Malfoy, then you walk out on Pro\-fessor Trelawney \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked rather flattered.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 They went down to dinner with everybody else, but did not return to Gryffindor Tower afterward. Harry had the cloak hidden down the front of his robes; he had to keep his arms folded to hide the\lang3081  \lang1033 lump. They skulked in an empty chamber off the entrance hall, lis\-tening, until they were sure it was deserted. They heard a last pair of people hurrying across the hall and a door slamming. Hermione poked her head around the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  she whispered, \ldblquote no one there \emdash  cloak on \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Walking very close together so that nobody would see them, they crossed the hall on tiptoe beneath the cloak, then walked down the stone front steps into the grounds. The sun was already sinking behind the Forbidden Forest, gilding the top branches of the trees.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They reached Hagrid\rquote s cabin and knocked. He was a minute in answering, and when he did, he looked all around for his visitor, pale-faced and trembling.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s us,\rdblquote  Harry hissed. \ldblquote We\rquote re wearing the Invisibility Cloak. Let us in and we can take it off.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeh shouldn\rquote ve come!\rdblquote  Hagrid whispered, but he stood back, and they stepped inside. Hagrid shut the door quickly and Harry pulled off the cloak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid was not crying, nor did he throw himself upon their necks. He looked like a man who did not know where he was or what to do. This helplessness was worse to watch than tears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wan\rquote  some tea?\rdblquote  he said. His great hands were shaking as he reached for the kettle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote s Buckbeak, Hagrid?\rdblquote  said Hermione hesitantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I \emdash  I took him outside,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, spilling milk all over the table as he filled up the jug. \ldblquote He\rquote s tethered in me pumpkin patch. Thought he oughta see the trees an\rquote  \emdash  an\rquote  smell fresh air \emdash  before \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid\rquote s hand trembled so violently that the milk jug slipped from his grasp and shattered all over the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll do it, Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Hermione quickly, hurrying over and starting to clean up the mess.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s another one in the cupboard,\rdblquote  Hagrid said, sitting down and wiping his forehead on his sleeve. Harry glanced at Ron, who looked back hopelessly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Isn\rquote t there anything anyone can do, Hagrid?\rdblquote  Harry asked fiercely, sitting down next to him. \ldblquote Dumbledore \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s tried,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. \ldblquote He\rquote s got no power ter overrule the Committee. He told \rquote em Buckbeak\rquote s all right, but they\rquote re scared. \'85 Yeh know what Lucius Malfoy\rquote s like \'85 threatened \rquote em, I expect\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 an\rquote  the executioner, Macnair, he\rquote s an old pal o\rquote  Mal\-foy\rquote s \'85 but it\rquote ll be quick an\rquote  clean \'85 an\rquote  I\rquote ll be beside him. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid swallowed. His eyes were darting all over the cabin as though looking for some shred of hope or comfort.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore\rquote s gonna come down while it \emdash  while it happens. Wrote me this mornin\rquote . Said he wants ter \emdash  ter be with me. Great man, Dumbledore. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione, who had been rummaging in Hagrid\rquote s cupboard for another milk jug, let out a small, quickly stifled sob. She straight\-ened up with the new jug in her hands, fighting back tears.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll stay with you too, Hagrid,\rdblquote  she began, but Hagrid shook his shaggy head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeh\rquote re ter go back up ter the castle. I told yeh, I don\rquote  wan\rquote  yeh watchin\rquote . An\rquote  yeh shouldn\rquote  be down here anyway. \'85 If Fudge an\rquote  Dumbledore catch yeh out without permission, Harry, yeh\rquote ll be in big trouble.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Silent tears were now streaming down Hermione\rquote s face, but she hid them from Hagrid, bustling around making tea. Then, as she\lang3081  \lang1033 picked up the milk bottle to pour some into the jug, she let out a shriek.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron! I \emdash  I don\rquote t believe it \emdash  it\rquote s \i Scabbers\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron gaped at her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you talking about?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione carried the milk jug over to the table and turned it upside down. With a frantic squeak, and much scrambling to get back inside, Scabbers the rat came sliding out onto the table.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Scabbers!\rdblquote  said Ron blankly. \ldblquote Scabbers, what are you doing here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He grabbed the struggling rat and held him up to the light. Scabbers looked dreadful. He was thinner than ever, large tufts of hair had fallen out leaving wide bald patches, and he writhed in Ron\rquote s hands as though desperate to free himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s okay, Scabbers!\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote No cats! There\rquote s nothing here to hurt you!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid suddenly stood up, his eyes fixed on the window. His normally ruddy face had gone the color of parchment.\par
\ldblquote They\rquote re comin\rquote . \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry, Ron, and Hermione whipped around. A group of men was walking down the distant castle steps. In front was Albus Dumbledore, his silver beard gleaming in the dying sun. Next to him trotted Cornelius Fudge. Behind them came the feeble old Committee member and the executioner, Macnair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeh gotta go,\rdblquote  said Hagrid. Every inch of him was trembling. \ldblquote They mustn\rquote  find yeh here. \'85 Go now. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron stuffed Scabbers into his pocket and Hermione picked up the cloak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll let yeh out the back way,\rdblquote  said Hagrid.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They followed him to the door into his back garden. Harry felt strangely unreal, and even more so when he saw Buckbeak a few yards away, tethered to a tree behind Hagrid\rquote s pumpkin patch. Buckbeak seemed to know something was happening. He turned his sharp head from side to side and pawed the ground nervously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s okay, Beaky,\rdblquote  said Hagrid softly. \ldblquote It\rquote s okay\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote  He turned to Harry, Ron, and Hermione. \ldblquote Go on,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Get goin\rquote .\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But they didn\rquote t move.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid, we can\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll tell them what really happened \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They can\rquote t kill him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Go!\rdblquote  said Hagrid fiercely. \ldblquote It\rquote s bad enough without you lot in trouble an\rquote  all!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had no choice. As Hermione threw the cloak over Harry and Ron, they heard voices at the front of the cabin. Hagrid looked at the place where they had just vanished from sight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Go quick,\rdblquote  he said hoarsely. \ldblquote Don\rquote  listen. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And he strode back into his cabin as someone knocked at the front door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Slowly, in a kind of horrified trance, Harry, Ron, and Hermione set off silently around Hagrid\rquote s house. As they reached the other side, the front door closed with a sharp snap.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Please, let\rquote s hurry,\rdblquote  Hermione whispered. \ldblquote I can\rquote t stand it, I can\rquote t bear it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They started up the sloping lawn toward the castle. The sun was sinking fast now; the sky had turned to a clear, purple-tinged grey, but to the west there was a ruby-red glow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron stopped dead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, please, Ron,\rdblquote  Hermione began.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s Scabbers \emdash  he won\rquote t \emdash  stay put \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron was bent over, trying to keep Scabbers in his pocket, but the rat was going berserk; squeaking madly, twisting and flailing, try\-ing to sink his teeth into Ron\rquote s hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Scabbers, it\rquote s me, you idiot, it\rquote s Ron,\rdblquote  Ron hissed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They heard a door open behind them and men\rquote s voices.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, Ron, please let\rquote s move, they\rquote re going to do it!\rdblquote  Hermione breathed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay \emdash  Scabbers, stay \i put\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They walked forward; Harry, like Hermione, was trying not to listen to the rumble of voices behind them. Ron stopped again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I can\rquote t hold him \emdash  Scabbers, shut up, everyone\rquote ll hear us \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The rat was squealing wildly, but not loudly enough to cover up the sounds drifting from Hagrid\rquote s garden. There was a jumble of indistinct male voices, a silence, and then, without warning, the unmistakable swish and thud of an axe.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione swayed on the spot.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They did it!\rdblquote  she whispered to Harry. \ldblquote I d \emdash  don\rquote t believe it \emdash  they did it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 17\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Cat, Rat, and Dog\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry\rquote s mind had gone blank with shock. The three of them stood transfixed with horror under the Invisibility Cloak. The very last rays of the setting sun were casting a bloody light over the long-shadowed grounds. Then, behind them, they heard a wild howling.\par
\ldblquote Hagrid,\rdblquote  Harry muttered. Without thinking about what he was doing, he made to turn back, but both Ron and Hermione seized his arms.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We can\rquote t,\rdblquote  said Ron, who was paper-white. \ldblquote He\rquote ll be in worse trouble if they know we\rquote ve been to see him. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione\rquote s breathing was shallow and uneven.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How \emdash  could \emdash  they?\rdblquote  she choked. \ldblquote How \i could\i0  they?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on,\rdblquote  said Ron, whose teeth seemed to be chattering.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They set off back toward the castle, walking slowly to keep themselves hidden under the cloak. The light was fading fast now.\lang3081  \lang1033 By the time they reached open ground, darkness was settling like a spell around them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Scabbers, keep still,\rdblquote  Ron hissed, clamping his hand over his chest. The rat was wriggling madly. Ron came to a sudden halt, try\-ing to force Scabbers deeper into his pocket. \ldblquote What\rquote s the matter with you, you stupid rat? Stay still \emdash  OUCH! He bit me!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron, be quiet!\rdblquote  Hermione whispered urgently. \ldblquote Fudge\rquote ll be out here in a minute \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He won\rquote t \emdash  stay \emdash  put \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Scabbers was plainly terrified. He was writhing with all his might, trying to break free of Ron\rquote s grip.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s the \i matter\i0  with him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry had just seen \emdash  slinking toward them, his body low to the ground, wide yellow eyes glinting eerily in the darkness \emdash  Crookshanks. Whether he could see them or was following the sound of Scabbers\rquote s squeaks, Harry couldn\rquote t tell.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Crookshanks!\rdblquote  Hermione moaned. \ldblquote No, go away, Crook\-shanks! Go away!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the cat was getting nearer \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Scabbers \emdash  NO!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Too late \emdash  the rat had slipped between Ron\rquote s clutching fingers, hit the ground, and scampered away. In one bound, Crookshanks sprang after him, and before Harry or Hermione could stop him, Ron had thrown the Invisibility Cloak off himself and pelted away into the darkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Ron\i0 !\rdblquote  Hermione moaned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She and Harry looked at each other, then followed at a sprint; it was impossible to run full out under the cloak; they pulled it off\lang3081  \lang1033 and it streamed behind them like a banner as they hurtled after Ron; they could hear his feet thundering along ahead and his shouts at Crookshanks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get away from him \emdash  get away \emdash  Scabbers, come \i here\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a loud thud.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Gotcha\i0 ! Get off, you stinking cat \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Hermione almost fell over Ron; they skidded to a stop right in front of him. He was sprawled on the ground, but Scabbers was back in his pocket; he had both hands held tight over the quivering lump.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron \emdash  come on \emdash  back under the cloak \emdash\rdblquote  Hermione panted. \ldblquote Dumbledore \emdash  the Minister \emdash  they\rquote ll be coming back out in a minute \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But before they could cover themselves again, before they could even catch their breath, they heard the soft pounding of gigantic paws. \'85 Something was bounding toward them, quiet as a shadow \emdash  an enormous, pale-eyed, jet-black dog.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry reached for his wand, but too late \emdash  the dog had made an enormous leap and the front paws hit him on the chest; he keeled over backward in a whirl of hair; he felt its hot breath, saw inch-long teeth \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But the force of its leap had carried it too far; it rolled off him. Dazed, feeling as though his ribs were broken, Harry tried to stand up; he could hear it growling as it skidded around for a new attack.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron was on his feet. As the dog sprang back toward them he pushed Harry aside; the dog\rquote s jaws fastened instead around Ron\rquote s outstretched arm. Harry lunged forward, he seized a handful of the brute\rquote s hair, but it was dragging Ron away as easily as though he were a rag doll \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then, out of nowhere, something hit Harry so hard across the face he was knocked off his feet again. He heard Hermione shriek with pain and fall too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry groped for his wand, blinking blood out of his eyes \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Lumos\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 he whispered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The wandlight showed him the trunk of a thick tree; they had chased Scabbers into the shadow of the Whomping Willow and its branches were creaking as though in a high wind, whipping back\-ward and forward to stop them going nearer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And there, at the base of the trunk, was the dog, dragging Ron backward into a large gap in the roots \emdash  Ron was fighting furi\-ously, but his head and torso were slipping out of sight \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron!\rdblquote  Harry shouted, trying to follow, but a heavy branch whipped lethally through the air and he was forced backward again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 All they could see now was one of Ron\rquote s legs, which he had hooked around a root in an effort to stop the dog from pulling him farther underground \emdash  but a horrible crack cut the air like a gun\-shot; Ron\rquote s leg had broken, and a moment later, his foot vanished from sight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry \emdash  we\rquote ve got to go for help \emdash\rdblquote  Hermione gasped; she was bleeding too; the Willow had cut her across the shoulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No! That thing\rquote s big enough to eat him; we haven\rquote t got time \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry \emdash  we\rquote re never going to get through without help \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Another branch whipped down at them, twigs clenched like knuckles.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If that dog can get in, we can,\rdblquote  Harry panted, darting here and there, trying to find a way through the vicious, swishing branches,\lang3081  \lang1033 but he couldn\rquote t get an inch nearer to the tree roots without being in range of the tree\rquote s blows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, help, help,\rdblquote  Hermione whispered frantically, dancing un\-certainly on the spot, \ldblquote please \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Crookshanks darted forward. He slithered between the battering branches like a snake and placed his front paws upon a knot on the trunk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Abruptly, as though the tree had been turned to marble, it stopped moving. Not a leaf twitched or shook.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Crookshanks!\rdblquote  Hermione whispered uncertainly. She now grasped Harry\rquote s arm painfully hard. \ldblquote How did he know \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s friends with that dog,\rdblquote  said Harry grimly. \ldblquote I\rquote ve seen them together. Come on \emdash  and keep your wand out \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They covered the distance to the trunk in seconds, but before they had reached the gap in the roots, Crookshanks had slid into it with a flick of his bottlebrush tail. Harry went next; he crawled for\-ward, headfirst, and slid down an earthy slope to the bottom of a very low tunnel. Crookshanks was a little way along, his eyes flash\-ing in the light from Harry\rquote s wand. Seconds later, Hermione slith\-ered down beside him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote s Ron?\rdblquote  she whispered in a terrified voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This way,\rdblquote  said Harry, setting off, bent-backed, after Crook\-shanks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where does this tunnel come out?\rdblquote  Hermione asked breath\-lessly from behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know. \'85 It\rquote s marked on the Marauder\rquote s Map but Fred and George said no one\rquote s ever gotten into it. \'85 It goes off the edge of the map, but it looked like it was heading for Hogsmeade. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They moved as fast as they could, bent almost double; ahead of them, Crookshanks\rquote s tail bobbed in and out of view. On and on went the passage; it felt at least as long as the one to Honey\-dukes. \'85 All Harry could think of was Ron and what the enor\-mous dog might be doing to him. \'85 He was drawing breath in sharp, painful gasps, running at a crouch. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then the tunnel began to rise; moments later it twisted, and Crookshanks had gone. Instead, Harry could see a patch of dim light through a small opening.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He and Hermione paused, gasping for breath, edging forward. Both raised their wands to see what lay beyond.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was a room, a very disordered, dusty room. Paper was peeling from the walls; there were stains all over the floor; every piece of furniture was broken as though somebody had smashed it. The windows were all boarded up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glanced at Hermione, who looked very frightened but nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pulled himself out of the hole, staring around. The room was deserted, but a door to their right stood open, leading to a shadowy hallway. Hermione suddenly grabbed Harry\rquote s arm again. Her wide eyes were traveling around the boarded windows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  she whispered, \ldblquote I think we\rquote re in the Shrieking Shack.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked around. His eyes fell on a wooden chair near them. Large chunks had been torn out of it; one of the legs had been ripped off entirely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ghosts didn\rquote t do that,\rdblquote  he said slowly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At that moment, there was a creak overhead. Something had moved upstairs. Both of them looked up at the ceiling. Hermione\rquote s\lang3081  \lang1033 grip on Harry\rquote s arm was so tight he was losing feeling in his fingers. He raised his eyebrows at her; she nodded again and let go.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Quietly as they could, they crept out into the hall and up the crumbling staircase. Everything was covered in a thick layer of dust except the floor, where a wide shiny stripe had been made by some\-thing being dragged upstairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They reached the dark landing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Nox,\i0\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 they whispered together, and the lights at the end of their wands went out. Only one door was open. As they crept toward it, they heard movement from behind it; a low moan, and then a deep, loud purring. They exchanged a last look, a last nod.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Wand held tightly before him, Harry kicked the door wide open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 On a magnificent four-poster bed with dusty hangings lay Crookshanks, purring loudly at the sight of them. On the floor be\-side him, clutching his leg, which stuck out at a strange angle, was Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Hermione dashed across to him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron \emdash  are you okay?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where\rquote s the dog?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not a dog,\rdblquote  Ron moaned. His teeth were gritted with pain. \ldblquote Harry, it\rquote s a trap \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i He\rquote s the dog\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 \i he\rquote s an Animagus. \'85\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron was staring over Harry\rquote s shoulder. Harry wheeled around. With a snap, the man in the shadows closed the door behind them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A mass of filthy, matted hair hung to his elbows. If eyes hadn\rquote t been shining out of the deep, dark sockets, he might have been a\lang3081  \lang1033 corpse. The waxy skin was stretched so tightly over the bones of his face, it looked like a skull. His yellow teeth were bared in a grin. It was Sirius Black.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Expelliarmus\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 he croaked, pointing Ron\rquote s wand at them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s and Hermione\rquote s wands shot out of their hands, high in the air, and Black caught them. Then he took a step closer. His eyes were fixed on Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought you\rquote d come and help your friend,\rdblquote  he said hoarsely. His voice sounded as though he had long since lost the habit of us\-ing it. \ldblquote Your father would have done the same for me. Brave of you, not to run for a teacher. I\rquote m grateful \'85 it will make everything much easier. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The taunt about his father rang in Harry\rquote s ears as though Black had bellowed it. A boiling hate erupted in Harry\rquote s chest, leaving no place for fear. For the first time in his life, he wanted his wand back in his hand, not to defend himself, but to attack \'85 to kill. With\-out knowing what he was doing, he started forward, but there was a sudden movement on either side of him and two pairs of hands grabbed him and held him back. \'85 \ldblquote No, Harry!\rdblquote  Hermione gasped in a petrified whisper; Ron, however, spoke to Black.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you want to kill Harry, you\rquote ll have to kill us too!\rdblquote  he said fiercely, though the effort of standing upright was draining him of still more color, and he swayed slightly as he spoke.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Something flickered in Black\rquote s shadowed eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lie down,\rdblquote  he said quietly to Ron. \ldblquote You will damage that leg even more.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did you hear me?\rdblquote  Ron said weakly, though he was clinging painfully to Harry to stay upright. \ldblquote You\rquote ll have to kill all three of us!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote ll be only one murder here tonight,\rdblquote  said Black, and his grin widened.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why\rquote s that?\rdblquote  Harry spat, trying to wrench himself free of Ron and Hermione. \ldblquote Didn\rquote t care last time, did you? Didn\rquote t mind slaughtering all those Muggles to get at Pettigrew. \'85 What\rquote s the matter, gone soft in Azkaban?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  Hermione whimpered. \ldblquote Be quiet!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HE KILLED MY MUM AND DAD!\rdblquote  Harry roared, and with a huge effort he broke free of Hermione\rquote s and Ron\rquote s restraint and lunged forward \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had forgotten about magic \emdash  he had forgotten that he was short and skinny and thirteen, whereas Black was a tall, full-grown man \emdash  all Harry knew was that he wanted to hurt Black as badly as he could and that he didn\rquote t care how much he got hurt in re\-turn \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Perhaps it was the shock of Harry doing something so stupid, but Black didn\rquote t raise the wands in time \emdash  one of Harry\rquote s hands fastened over his wasted wrist, forcing the wand tips away; the knuckles of Harry\rquote s other hand collided with the side of Black\rquote s head and they fell, backward, into the wall \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione was screaming; Ron was yelling; there was a blinding flash as the wands in Black\rquote s hand sent a jet of sparks into the air that missed Harry\rquote s face by inches; Harry felt the shrunken arm under his fingers twisting madly, but he clung on, his other hand punching every part of Black it could find.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Black\rquote s free hand had found Harry\rquote s throat \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  he hissed, \ldblquote I\rquote ve waited too long \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The fingers tightened, Harry choked, his glasses askew.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then he saw Hermione\rquote s foot swing out of nowhere. Black let go of Harry with a grunt of pain; Ron had thrown himself on Black\rquote s wand hand and Harry heard a faint clatter \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He fought free of the tangle of bodies and saw his own wand rolling across the floor; he threw himself toward it but \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Argh!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Crookshanks had joined the fray; both sets of front claws had sunk themselves deep into Harry\rquote s arm; Harry threw him off, but Crookshanks now darted toward Harry\rquote s wand \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote NO YOU DON\rquote T!\rdblquote  roared Harry, and he aimed a kick at Crookshanks that made the cat leap aside, spitting; Harry snatched up his wand and turned \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get out of the way!\rdblquote  he shouted at Ron and Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They didn\rquote t need telling twice. Hermione, gasping for breath, her lip bleeding, scrambled aside, snatching up her and Ron\rquote s wands. Ron crawled to the four-poster and collapsed onto it, pant\-ing, his white face now tinged with green, both hands clutching his broken leg.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black was sprawled at the bottom of the wall. His thin chest rose and fell rapidly as he watched Harry walking slowly nearer, his wand pointing straight at Black\rquote s heart.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Going to kill me, Harry?\rdblquote  he whispered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stopped right above him, his wand still pointing at Black\rquote s chest, looking down at him. A livid bruise was rising around Black\rquote s left eye and his nose was bleeding.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You killed my parents,\rdblquote  said Harry, his voice shaking slightly, but his wand hand quite steady.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black stared up at him out of those sunken eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t deny it,\rdblquote  he said very quietly. \ldblquote But if you knew the whole story.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The whole story?\rdblquote  Harry repeated, a furious pounding in his ears. \ldblquote You sold them to Voldemort. That\rquote s all I need to know.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote ve got to listen to me,\rdblquote  Black said, and there was a note of urgency in his voice now. \ldblquote You\rquote ll regret it if you don\rquote t. \'85 You don\rquote t understand. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I understand a lot better than you think,\rdblquote  said Harry, and his voice shook more than ever. \ldblquote You never heard her, did you? My mum \'85 trying to stop Voldemort killing me \'85 and you did that \'85 you did it. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Before either of them could say another word, something ginger streaked past Harry; Crookshanks leapt onto Black\rquote s chest and set\-tled himself there, right over Black\rquote s heart. Black blinked and looked down at the cat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get off,\rdblquote  he murmured, trying to push Crookshanks off him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Crookshanks sank his claws into Black\rquote s robes and wouldn\rquote t shift. He turned his ugly, squashed face to Harry and looked up at him with those great yellow eyes. To his right, Hermione gave a dry sob.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared down at Black and Crookshanks, his grip tighten\-ing on the wand. So what if he had to kill the cat too? It was in league with Black. \'85 If it was prepared to die, trying to protect Black, that wasn\rquote t Harry\rquote s business. \'85 If Black wanted to save it, that only proved he cared more for Crookshanks than for Harry\rquote s parents. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry raised the wand. Now was the moment to do it. Now was the moment to avenge his mother and father. He was going to kill Black. He had to kill Black. This was his chance. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The seconds lengthened. And still Harry stood frozen there, wand poised, Black staring up at him, Crookshanks on his chest. Ron\rquote s ragged breathing came from near the bed; Hermione was quite silent.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then came a new sound \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Muffled footsteps were echoing up through the floor \emdash  some\-one was moving downstairs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote WE\rquote RE UP HERE!\rdblquote  Hermione screamed suddenly. \ldblquote WE\rquote RE UP HERE \emdash  SIRIUS BLACK \emdash  \i QUICK\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black made a startled movement that almost dislodged Crook\-shanks; Harry gripped his wand convulsively \emdash  \i Do it now\i0 ! said a voice in his head \emdash  but the footsteps were thundering up the stairs and Harry still hadn\rquote t done it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door of the room burst open in a shower of red sparks and Harry wheeled around as Professor Lupin came hurtling into the room, his face bloodless, his wand raised and ready. His eyes flick\-ered over Ron, lying on the floor, over Hermione, cowering next to the door, to Harry, standing there with his wand covering Black, and then to Black himself, crumpled and bleeding at Harry\rquote s feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Expelliarmus\i0 !\rdblquote  Lupin shouted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s wand flew once more out of his hand; so did the two Hermione was holding. Lupin caught them all deftly, then moved into the room, staring at Black, who still had Crookshanks lying protectively across his chest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stood there, feeling suddenly empty. He hadn\rquote t done it. His nerve had failed him. Black was going to be handed back to the dementors.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then Lupin spoke, in a very tense voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where is he, Sirius?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked quickly at Lupin. He didn\rquote t understand what Lupin meant. Who was Lupin talking about? He turned to look at Black again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black\rquote s face was quite expressionless. For a few seconds, he didn\rquote t move at all. Then, very slowly, he raised his empty hand and pointed straight at Ron. Mystified, Harry glanced around at Ron, who looked bewildered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But then \'85 ,\rdblquote  Lupin muttered, staring at Black so intently it seemed he was trying to read his mind, \ldblquote\'85 why hasn\rquote t he shown himself before now? Unless\rdblquote  \emdash  Lupin\rquote s eyes suddenly widened, as though he was seeing something beyond Black, something none of the rest could see, \ldblquote\emdash  unless \i he\i0  was the one \'85 unless you switched \'85 without telling me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Very slowly, his sunken gaze never leaving Lupin\rquote s face, Black nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor,\rdblquote  Harry interrupted loudly, \ldblquote what\rquote s going on \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But he never finished the question, because what he saw made his voice die in his throat. Lupin was lowering his wand, gazing fixedly at Black. The Professor walked to Black\rquote s side, seized his hand, pulled him to his feet so that Crookshanks fell to the floor, and embraced Black like a brother.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt as though the bottom had dropped out of his stomach.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I DON\rquote T BELIEVE IT!\rdblquote  Hermione screamed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin let go of Black and turned to her. She had raised herself off the floor and was pointing at Lupin, wild-eyed. \ldblquote You \emdash  you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote  \emdash  you and him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, calm down \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I didn\rquote t tell anyone!\rdblquote  Hermione shrieked. \ldblquote I\rquote ve been covering up for you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, listen to me, please!\rdblquote  Lupin shouted. \ldblquote I can ex\-plain \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could feel himself shaking, not with fear, but with a fresh wave of fury.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I trusted you,\rdblquote  he shouted at Lupin, his voice wavering out of control, \ldblquote and all the time you\rquote ve been his friend!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re wrong,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote I haven\rquote t been Sirius\rquote s friend, but I am now \emdash  Let me explain. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote NO!\rdblquote  Hermione screamed. \ldblquote Harry, don\rquote t trust him, he\rquote s been helping Black get into the castle, he wants you dead too \emdash  \i he\rquote s a werewolf\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a ringing silence. Everyone\rquote s eyes were now on Lupin, who looked remarkably calm, though rather pale.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not at all up to your usual standard, Hermione,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Only one out of three, I\rquote m afraid. I have not been helping Sirius get into the castle and I certainly don\rquote t want Harry dead. \'85\rdblquote  An odd shiver passed over his face. \ldblquote But I won\rquote t deny that I am a were\-wolf.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron made a valiant effort to get up again but fell back with a whimper of pain. Lupin made toward him, looking concerned, but Ron gasped,\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Get away from me, werewolf\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin stopped dead. Then, with an obvious effort, he turned to Hermione and said, \ldblquote How long have you known?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033  \ldblquote Ages,\rdblquote  Hermione whispered. \ldblquote Since I did Professor Snape\rquote s es\-say. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote ll be delighted,\rdblquote  said Lupin coolly. \ldblquote He assigned that essay hoping someone would realize what my symptoms meant. \'85 Did you check the lunar chart and realize that I was always ill at the full moon? Or did you realize that the boggart changed into the moon when it saw me?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Both,\rdblquote  Hermione said quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin forced a laugh.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re the cleverest witch of your age I\rquote ve ever met, Hermione.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not,\rdblquote  Hermione whispered. \ldblquote If I\rquote d been a bit cleverer, I\rquote d have told everyone what you are!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But they already know,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote At least, the staff do.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore hired you when he knew you were a werewolf?\rdblquote  Ron gasped. \ldblquote Is he mad?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Some of the staff thought so,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote He had to work very hard to convince certain teachers that I\rquote m trustworthy \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote AND HE WAS WRONG!\rdblquote  Harry yelled. \ldblquote YOU\rquote VE BEEN HELPING HIM ALL THE TIME!\rdblquote  He was pointing at Black, who suddenly crossed to the four-poster bed and sank onto it, his face hidden in one shaking hand. Crookshanks leapt up beside him and stepped onto his lap, purring. Ron edged away from both of them, dragging his leg.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I have \i not\i0  been helping Sirius,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote If you\rquote ll give me a chance, I\rquote ll explain. Look \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He separated Harry\rquote s, Ron\rquote s and Hermione\rquote s wands and threw each back to its owner; Harry caught his, stunned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There,\rdblquote  said Lupin, sticking his own wand back into his belt. \ldblquote You\rquote re armed, we\rquote re not. Now will you listen?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry didn\rquote t know what to think. Was it a trick?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you haven\rquote t been helping him,\rdblquote  he said, with a furious glance at Black, \ldblquote how did you know he was here?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The map,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote The Marauder\rquote s Map. I was in my of\-fice examining it \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know how to work it?\rdblquote  Harry said suspiciously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course I know how to work it,\rdblquote  said Lupin, waving his hand impatiently. \ldblquote I helped write it. I\rquote m Moony \emdash  that was my friends\rquote  nickname for me at school.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \i wrote\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The important thing is, I was watching it carefully this evening, because I had an idea that you, Ron, and Hermione might try and sneak out of the castle to visit Hagrid before his hippogriff was ex\-ecuted. And I was right, wasn\rquote t I?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had started to pace up and down, looking at them. Little patches of dust rose at his feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You might have been wearing your father\rquote s old cloak, Harry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How d\rquote you know about the cloak?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The number of times I saw James disappearing under it\'85 ,\rdblquote  said Lupin, waving an impatient hand again. \ldblquote The point is, even if you\rquote re wearing an Invisibility Cloak, you still show up on the Marauder\rquote s Map. I watched you cross the grounds and enter Hagrid\rquote s hut. Twenty minutes later, you left Hagrid, and set off back toward the castle. But you were now accompanied by some\-body else.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote No, we weren\rquote t!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I couldn\rquote t believe my eyes,\rdblquote  said Lupin, still pacing, and ignor\-ing Harry\rquote s interruption. \ldblquote I thought the map must be malfunc\-tioning. How could he be with you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No one was with us!\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And then I saw another dot, moving fast toward you, labeled\lang3081  \lang1033\i Sirius Black. \'85\i0  I saw him collide with you; I watched as he pulled\lang3081  \lang1033 two of you into the Whomping Willow \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote One of us!\rdblquote  Ron said angrily.\par
\ldblquote No, Ron,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote Two of you.\rdblquote\par
He had stopped his pacing, his eyes moving over Ron.\par
\ldblquote Do you think I could have a look at the rat?\rdblquote  he said evenly.\par
\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote What\rquote s Scabbers got to do with it?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Everything,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote Could I see him, please?\rdblquote\par
Ron hesitated, then put a hand inside his robes. Scabbers\lang3081  \lang1033 emerged, thrashing desperately; Ron had to seize his long bald tail\lang3081  \lang1033 to stop him escaping. Crookshanks stood up on Black\rquote s leg and\lang3081  \lang1033 made a soft hissing noise.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin moved closer to Ron. He seemed to be holding his breath\lang3081  \lang1033 as he gazed intently at Scabbers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  Ron said again, holding Scabbers close to him, looking\lang3081  \lang1033 scared. \ldblquote What\rquote s my rat got to do with anything?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote That\rquote s not a rat,\rdblquote  croaked Sirius Black suddenly.\par
\ldblquote What d\rquote you mean \emdash  of course he\rquote s a rat \emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, he\rquote s not,\rdblquote  said Lupin quietly. \ldblquote He\rquote s a wizard.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote An Animagus,\rdblquote  said Black, \ldblquote by the name of Peter Pettigrew.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 18\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Mooney, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
It took a few seconds for the absurdity of this statement to sink in. Then Ron voiced what Harry was thinking.\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re both mental.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ridiculous!\rdblquote  said Hermione faintly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Peter Pettigrew\rquote s \i dead\i0 !\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote\i He\i0  killed him twelve years ago!\rdblquote  He pointed at Black, whose face twitched convulsively.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I meant to,\rdblquote  he growled, his yellow teeth bared, \ldblquote but little Peter got the better of me \'85 not this time, though!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Crookshanks was thrown to the floor as Black lunged at Scabbers; Ron yelled with pain as Black\rquote s weight fell on his broken leg.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius, NO!\rdblquote  Lupin yelled, launching himself forwards and dragging Black away from Ron again, \ldblquote WAIT! You can\rquote t do it just like that \emdash  they need to understand \emdash  we\rquote ve got to explain \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We can explain afterwards!\rdblquote  snarled Black, trying to throw\lang3081  \lang1033 Lupin off. One hand was still clawing the air as it tried to reach Scabbers, who was squealing like a piglet, scratching Ron\rquote s face and neck as he tried to escape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They\rquote ve \emdash  got \emdash  a \emdash  right \emdash  to \emdash  know \emdash  everything!\rdblquote  Lupin panted, still trying to restrain Black. \ldblquote Ron\rquote s kept him as a pet! There are parts of it even I don\rquote t understand! And Harry \emdash  you owe Harry the truth, Sirius!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black stopped struggling, though his hollowed eyes were still fixed on Scabbers, who was clamped tightly under Ron\rquote s bitten, scratched, and bleeding hands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right, then,\rdblquote  Black said, without taking his eyes off the rat. \ldblquote Tell them whatever you like. But make it quick, Remus. I want to commit the murder I was imprisoned for. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re nutters, both of you,\rdblquote  said Ron shakily, looking round at Harry and Hermione for support. \ldblquote I\rquote ve had enough of this. I\rquote m off.\rdblquote\par
He tried to heave himself up on his good leg, but Lupin raised his wand again, pointing it at Scabbers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re going to hear me out, Ron,\rdblquote  he said quietly. \ldblquote Just keep a tight hold on Peter while you listen.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HE\rquote S NOT PETER, HE\rquote S SCABBERS!\rdblquote  Ron yelled, trying to force the rat back into his front pocket, but Scabbers was fighting too hard; Ron swayed and overbalanced, and Harry caught him and pushed him back down to the bed. Then, ignoring Black, Harry turned to Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There were witnesses who saw Pettigrew die,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote A whole street full of them \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They didn\rquote t see what they thought they saw!\rdblquote  said Black sav\-agely, still watching Scabbers struggling in Ron\rquote s hands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Everyone thought Sirius killed Peter,\rdblquote  said Lupin, nodding. \ldblquote I believed it myself\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  until I saw the map tonight. Because the Ma\-rauder\rquote s map never lies\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 Peter\rquote s alive. Ron\rquote s holding him, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked down at Ron, and as their eyes met, they agreed, silently: Black and Lupin were both out of their minds. Their story made no sense whatsoever. How could Scabbers be Peter Pettigrew? Azkaban must have unhinged Black after all \emdash  but why was Lupin playing along with him?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Then Hermione spoke, in a trembling, would-be calm sort of voice, as though trying to will Professor Lupin to talk sensibly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Professor Lupin \'85 Scabbers can\rquote t be Pettigrew \'85 it just can\rquote t be true, you know it can\rquote t \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why can\rquote t it be true?\rdblquote  Lupin said calmly, as though they were in class, and Hermione had simply spotted a problem in an experi\-ment with grindylows.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Because \'85 because people would \i know\i0  if Peter Pettigrew had been an Animagus. We did Animagi in class with Professor McGonagall. And I looked them up when I did my homework \emdash  the Ministry of Magic keeps tabs on witches and wizards who can become animals; there\rquote s a register showing what animal they be\-come, and their markings and things \'85 and I went and looked Professor McGonagall up on the register, and there have been only seven Animagi this century, and Pettigrew\rquote s name wasn\rquote t on the list \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had barely had time to marvel inwardly at the effort Hermione put into her homework, when Lupin started to laugh.\lang3081  \lang1033\ldblquote Right again, Hermione!\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote But the Ministry never knew that there used to be three unregistered Animagi running around Hogwarts.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you\rquote re going to tell them the story, get a move on, Remus,\rdblquote  snarled Black, who was still watching Scabbers\rquote s every desper\-ate move. \ldblquote I\rquote ve waited twelve years, I\rquote m not going to wait much longer.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All right\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 but you\rquote ll need to help me, Sirius,\rdblquote  said Lupin, \ldblquote I only know how it began \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin broke off. There had been a loud creak behind him. The bedroom door had opened of its own accord. All five of them stared at it. Then Lupin strode toward it and looked out into the landing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No one there \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This place is haunted!\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not,\rdblquote  said Lupin, still looking at the door in a puzzled way. \ldblquote The Shrieking Shack was never haunted. \'85 The screams and howls the villagers used to hear were made by me.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He pushed his graying hair out of his eyes, thought for a mo\-ment, then said, \ldblquote That\rquote s where all of this starts \emdash  with my becom\-ing a werewolf. None of this could have happened if I hadn\rquote t been bitten \'85 and if I hadn\rquote t been so foolhardy. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked sober and tired. Ron started to interrupt, but Her\-mione said, \ldblquote Shh!\rdblquote  She was watching Lupin very intently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I was a very small boy when I received the bite. My parents tried everything, but in those days there was no cure. The potion that Professor Snape has been making for me is a very recent dis\-covery. It makes me safe, you see. As long as I take it in the week\lang3081  \lang1033 preceding the full moon, I keep my mind when I transform. \'85 I am able to curl up in my office, a harmless wolf, and wait for the moon to wane again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Before the Wolfsbane Potion was discovered, however, I be\-came a fully fledged monster once a month. It seemed impossible that I would be able to come to Hogwarts. Other parents weren\rquote t likely to want their children exposed to me.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But then Dumbledore became Headmaster, and he was sympa\-thetic. He said that as long as we took certain precautions, there was no reason I shouldn\rquote t come to school. \'85\rdblquote  Lupin sighed, and looked directly at Harry. \ldblquote I told you, months ago, that the Whomp\-ing Willow was planted the year I came to Hogwarts. The truth is that it was planted \i because\i0  I came to Hogwarts. This house\rdblquote  \emdash  Lupin looked miserably around the room, \emdash  \ldblquote the tunnel that leads to it \emdash  they were built for my use. Once a month, I was smuggled out of the castle, into this place, to transform. The tree was placed at the tunnel mouth to stop anyone coming across me while I was dangerous.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry couldn\rquote t see where this story was going, but he was listen\-ing raptly all the same. The only sound apart from Lupin\rquote s voice was Scabbers\rquote s frightened squeaking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My transformations in those days were \emdash  were terrible. It is very painful to turn into a werewolf. I was separated from humans to bite, so I bit and scratched myself instead. The villagers heard the noise and the screaming and thought they were hearing partic\-ularly violent spirits. Dumbledore encouraged the rumor. \'85 Even now, when the house has been silent for years, the villagers don\rquote t dare approach it. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But apart from my transformations, I was happier than I had ever been in my life. For the first time ever, I had friends, three great friends. Sirius Black \'85 Peter Pettigrew \'85 and, of course, your father, Harry \emdash  James Potter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, my three friends could hardly fail to notice that I disap\-peared once a month. I made up all sorts of stories. I told them my mother was ill, and that I had to go home to see her. \'85 I was terrified they would desert me the moment they found out what I was. But of course, they, like you, Hermione, worked out the truth. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And they didn\rquote t desert me at all. Instead, they did something for me that would make my transformations not only bearable, but the best times of my life. They became Animagi.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My dad too?\rdblquote  said Harry, astounded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, indeed,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote It took them the best part of three years to work out how to do it. Your father and Sirius here were the cleverest students in the school, and lucky they were, because the Animagus transformation can go horribly wrong \emdash  one reason the Ministry keeps a close watch on those attempting to do it. Peter needed all the help he could get from James and Sirius. Finally, in our fifth year, they managed it. They could each turn into a differ\-ent animal at will.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But how did that help you?\rdblquote  said Hermione, sounding puzzled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They couldn\rquote t keep me company as humans, so they kept me company as animals,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote A werewolf is only a danger to people. They sneaked out of the castle every month under James\rquote s Invisibility Cloak. They transformed \'85 Peter, as the smallest, could slip beneath the Willow\rquote s attacking branches and touch the knot that freezes it. They would then slip down the tunnel and join\lang3081  \lang1033 me. Under their influence, I became less dangerous. My body was still wolfish, but my mind seemed to become less so while I was with them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hurry up, Remus,\rdblquote  snarled Black, who was still watching Scab\-bers with a horrible sort of hunger on his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m getting there, Sirius, I\rquote m getting there \'85 well, highly ex\-citing possibilities were open to us now that we could all transform. Soon we were leaving the Shrieking Shack and roaming the school grounds and the village by night. Sirius and James transformed into such large animals, they were able to keep a werewolf in check. I doubt whether any Hogwarts students ever found out more about the Hogwarts grounds and Hogsmeade than we did. \'85 And that\rquote s how we came to write the Marauder\rquote s Map, and sign it with our nicknames. Sirius is Padfoot. Peter is Wormtail. James was Prongs.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What sort of animal \emdash  ?\rdblquote  Harry began, but Hermione cut him off.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was still really dangerous! Running around in the dark with a werewolf! What if you\rquote d given the others the slip, and bitten somebody?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A thought that still haunts me,\rdblquote  said Lupin heavily. \ldblquote And there were near misses, many of them. We laughed about them after\-wards. We were young, thoughtless \emdash  carried away with our own cleverness.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I sometimes felt guilty about betraying Dumbledore\rquote s trust, of course \'85 he had admitted me to Hogwarts when no other head\-master would have done so, and he had no idea I was breaking the rules he had set down for my own and others\rquote  safety. He never knew I had led three fellow students into becoming Animagi ille\-gally. But I always managed to forget my guilty feelings every time\lang3081  \lang1033 we sat down to plan our next month\rquote s adventure. And I haven\rquote t changed \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin\rquote s face had hardened, and there was self-disgust in his voice. \ldblquote All this year, I have been battling with myself, wondering whether I should tell Dumbledore that Sirius was an Animagus. But I didn\rquote t do it. Why? Because I was too cowardly. It would have meant admitting that I\rquote d betrayed his trust while I was at school, admit\-ting that I\rquote d led others along with me \'85 and Dumbledore\rquote s trust has meant everything to me. He let me into Hogwarts as a boy, and he gave me a job when I have been shunned all my adult life, un\-able to find paid work because of what I am. And so I convinced myself that Sirius was getting into the school using dark arts he learned from Voldemort, that being an Animagus had nothing to do with it\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 so, in a way, Snape\rquote s been right about me all along.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Snape?\rdblquote  said Black harshly, taking his eyes off Scabbers for the first time in minutes and looking up at Lupin. \ldblquote What\rquote s Snape got to do with it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s here, Sirius,\rdblquote  said Lupin heavily. \ldblquote He\rquote s teaching here as well.\rdblquote  He looked up at Harry, Ron, and Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Snape was at school with us. He fought very hard against my appointment to the Defense Against the Dark Arts job. He has been telling Dumbledore all year that I am not to be trusted. He has his reasons \'85 you see, Sirius here played a trick on him which nearly killed him, a trick which involved me \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black made a derisive noise.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It served him right,\rdblquote  he sneered. \ldblquote Sneaking around, trying to find out what we were up to \'85 hoping he could get us ex\-pelled. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Severus was very interested in where I went every month.\rdblquote  Lupin told Harry, Ron, and Hermione. \ldblquote We were in the same year, you know, and we \emdash  er \emdash  didn\rquote t like each other very much. He especially disliked James. Jealous, I think, of James\rquote s talent on the Quidditch field \'85 anyway Snape had seen me crossing the grounds with Madam Pomfrey one evening as she led me toward the Whomping Willow to transform. Sirius thought it would be \emdash  er \emdash  amusing, to tell Snape all he had to do was prod the knot on the tree trunk with a long stick, and he\rquote d be able to get in after me. Well, of course, Snape tried it \emdash  if he\rquote d got as far as this house, he\rquote d have met a fully grown werewolf\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  but your father, who\rquote d heard what Sirius had done, went after Snape and pulled him back, at great risk to his life \'85 Snape glimpsed me, though, at the end of the tunnel. He was forbidden by Dumbledore to tell anybody, but from that time on he knew what I was. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So that\rquote s why Snape doesn\rquote t like you,\rdblquote  said Harry slowly, \ldblquote be\-cause he thought you were in on the joke?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s right,\rdblquote  sneered a cold voice from the wall behind Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Severus Snape was pulling off the Invisibility Cloak, his wand pointing directly at Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 19\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Servant of Lord Voldemort\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Hermione screamed. Black leapt to his feet. Harry felt as though he\rquote d received a huge electric shock.\par
\ldblquote I found this at the base of the Whomping Willow,\rdblquote  said Snape, throwing the cloak aside, careful to keep this wand pointing di\-rectly at Lupin\rquote s chest. \ldblquote Very useful, Potter, I thank you. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape was slightly breathless, but his face was full of suppressed triumph. \ldblquote You\rquote re wondering, perhaps, how I knew you were here?\rdblquote  he said, his eyes glittering. \ldblquote I\rquote ve just been to your office, Lupin. You forgot to take your potion tonight, so I took a gobletful along. And very lucky I did \'85 lucky for me, I mean. Lying on your desk was a certain map. One glance at it told me all I needed to know. I saw you running along this passageway and out of sight.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Severus \emdash\rdblquote  Lupin began, but Snape overrode him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ve told the headmaster again and again that you\rquote re helping your old friend Black into the castle, Lupin, and here\rquote s the proof.\lang3081  \lang1033 Not even I dreamed you would have the nerve to use this old place as your hideout \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Severus, you\rquote re making a mistake,\rdblquote  said Lupin urgently. \ldblquote You haven\rquote t heard everything \emdash  I can explain \emdash  Sirius is not here to kill Harry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Two more for Azkaban tonight,\rdblquote  said Snape, his eyes now gleaming fanatically. \ldblquote I shall be interested to see how Dumbledore takes this. \'85 He was quite convinced you were harmless, you know, Lupin \'85 a \i tame\i0  werewolf\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You fool,\rdblquote  said Lupin softly. \ldblquote Is a schoolboy grudge worth putting an innocent man back inside Azkaban?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 BANG! Thin, snakelike cords burst from the end of Snape\rquote s wand and twisted themselves around Lupin\rquote s mouth, wrists, and ankles; he overbalanced and fell to the floor, unable to move. With a roar of rage, Black started toward Snape, but Snape pointed his wand straight between Black\rquote s eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Give me a reason,\rdblquote  he whispered. \ldblquote Give me a reason to do it, and I swear I will.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black stopped dead. It would have been impossible to say which face showed more hatred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stood there, paralyzed, not knowing what to do or whom to believe. He glanced around at Ron and Hermione. Ron looked just as confused as he did, still fighting to keep hold on the strug\-gling Scabbers. Hermione, however, took an uncertain step toward Snape and said, in a very breathless voice, \ldblquote Professor Snape \emdash  it \emdash  it wouldn\rquote t hurt to hear what they\rquote ve got to say, w \emdash  would it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Miss Granger, you are already facing suspension from this school,\rdblquote  Snape spat. \ldblquote You, Potter, and Weasley are out-of-bounds,\lang3081  \lang1033 in the company of a convicted murderer and a werewolf. For once in your life, \i hold your tongue.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But if\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  if there was a mistake \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote KEEP QUIET, YOU STUPID GIRL!\rdblquote  Snape shouted, looking suddenly quite deranged. \ldblquote DON\rquote T TALK ABOUT WHAT YOU DON\rquote T UNDERSTAND!\rdblquote  A few sparks shot out of the end of his wand, which was still pointed at Black\rquote s face. Hermione fell silent.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Vengeance is very sweet,\rdblquote  Snape breathed at Black. \ldblquote How I hoped I would be the one to catch you. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The joke\rquote s on you again, Severus,\rdblquote  Black snarled. \ldblquote As long as this boy brings his rat up to the castle\rdblquote  \emdash  he jerked his head at Ron \emdash  \ldblquote I\rquote ll come quietly. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Up to the castle?\rdblquote  said Snape silkily. \ldblquote I don\rquote t think we need to go that far. All I have to do is call the dementors once we get out of the Willow. They\rquote ll be very pleased to see you, Black \'85 pleased enough to give you a little kiss, I daresay. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 What little color there was in Black\rquote s face left it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You \emdash  you\rquote ve got to hear me out,\rdblquote  he croaked. \ldblquote The rat \emdash  look at the rat \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But there was a mad glint in Snape\rquote s eyes that Harry had never seen before. He seemed beyond reason.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on, all of you,\rdblquote  he said. He clicked his fingers, and the ends of the cords that bound Lupin flew to his hands. \ldblquote I\rquote ll drag the werewolf. Perhaps the dementors will have a kiss for him too \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Before he knew what he was doing, Harry had crossed the room in three strides and blocked the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get out of the way, Potter, you\rquote re in enough trouble already,\rdblquote  snarled Snape. \ldblquote If I hadn\rquote t been here to save your skin \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Lupin could have killed me about a hundred times this year,\rdblquote  Harry said. \ldblquote I\rquote ve been alone with him loads of times, having defense lessons against the dementors. If he was helping Black, why didn\rquote t he just finish me off then?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t ask me to fathom the way a werewolf\rquote s mind works,\rdblquote  hissed Snape. \ldblquote Get out of the way, Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote YOU\rquote RE PATHETIC!\rdblquote  Harry yelled. \ldblquote JUST BECAUSE THEY MADE A FOOL OF YOU AT SCHOOL YOU WON\rquote T EVEN LISTEN \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote SILENCE! I WILL NOT BE SPOKEN TO LIKE THAT!\rdblquote  Snape shrieked, looking madder than ever. \ldblquote Like father, like son, Potter! I have just saved your neck; you should be thanking me on bended knee! You would have been well served if he\rquote d killed you! You\rquote d have died like your father, too arrogant to believe you might be mistaken in Black \emdash  now get out of the way, or I will \i make you. \i0 GET OUT OF THE WAY, POTTER!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry made up his mind in a split second. Before Snape could take even one step toward him, he had raised his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Expelliarmus\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 he yelled \emdash  except that his wasn\rquote t the only voice that shouted. There was a blast that made the door rattle on its hinges; Snape was lifted off his feet and slammed into the wall, then slid down it to the floor, a trickle of blood oozing from under his hair. He had been knocked out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked around. Both Ron and Hermione had tried to disarm Snape at exactly the same moment. Snape\rquote s wand soared in a high arc and landed on the bed next to Crookshanks.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You shouldn\rquote t have done that,\rdblquote  said Black, looking at Harry. \ldblquote You should have left him to me. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry avoided Black\rquote s eyes. He wasn\rquote t sure, even now, that he\rquote d done the right thing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We attacked a teacher. \'85 We attacked a teacher \'85 ,\rdblquote  Her\-mione whimpered, staring at the lifeless Snape with frightened eyes. \ldblquote Oh, we\rquote re going to be in so much trouble \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin was struggling against his bonds. Black bent down quickly and untied him. Lupin straightened up, rubbing his arms where the ropes had cut into them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you, Harry,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m still not saying I believe you,\rdblquote  he told Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then it\rquote s time we offered you some proof,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote You, boy \emdash  give me Peter, please. Now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron clutched Scabbers closer to his chest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come off it,\rdblquote  he said weakly. \ldblquote Are you trying to say he broke out of Azkaban just to get his hands on \i Scabbers\i0 ? I mean \'85\rdblquote  He looked up at Harry and Hermione for support, \ldblquote Okay, say Pettigrew could turn into a rat \emdash  there are millions of rats \emdash  how\rquote s he supposed to know which one he\rquote s after if he was locked up in Azkaban?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know, Sirius, that\rquote s a fair question,\rdblquote  said Lupin, turning to Black and frowning slightly. \ldblquote How \i did\i0  you find out where he was?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black put one of his clawlike hands inside his robes and took out a crumpled piece of paper, which he smoothed flat and held out to show the others.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was the photograph of Ron and his family that had appeared in the \i Daily Prophet\i0  the previous summer, and there, on Ron\rquote s shoulder, was Scabbers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How did you get this?\rdblquote  Lupin asked Black, thunderstruck.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fudge,\rdblquote  said Black. \ldblquote When he came to inspect Azkaban last\lang3081  \lang1033 year, he gave me his paper. And there was Peter, on the front page \'85 on this boy\rquote s shoulder. \'85 I knew him at once \'85 how many times had I seen him transform? And the caption said the boy would be going back to Hogwarts\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 to where Harry was. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My God,\rdblquote  said Lupin softly, staring from Scabbers to the pic\-ture in the paper and back again. \ldblquote His front paw \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What about it?\rdblquote  said Ron defiantly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s got a toe missing,\rdblquote  said Black.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course,\rdblquote  Lupin breathed. \ldblquote So simple \'85 so \i brilliant\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\'85 he cut it off himself?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Just before he transformed,\rdblquote  said Black. \ldblquote When I cornered him, he yelled for the whole street to hear that I\rquote d betrayed Lily and James. Then, before I could curse him, he blew apart the street with the wand behind his back, killed everyone within twenty feet of himself\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash  and sped down into the sewer with the other rats. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Didn\rquote t you ever hear, Ron?\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote The biggest bit of Peter they found was his finger.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look, Scabbers probably had a fight with another rat or some\-thing! He\rquote s been in my family for ages, right \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Twelve years, in fact,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote Didn\rquote t you ever wonder why he was living so long?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We \emdash  we\rquote ve been taking good care of him!\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not looking too good at the moment, though, is he?\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote I\rquote d guess he\rquote s been losing weight ever since he heard Sirius was on the loose again. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s been scared of that mad cat!\rdblquote  said Ron, nodding toward Crookshanks, who was still purring on the bed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But that wasn\rquote t right, Harry thought suddenly. \'85 Scabbers had been looking ill before he met Crookshanks \'85 ever since Ron\rquote s return from Egypt\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 since the time when Black had es\-caped. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This cat isn\rquote t mad,\rdblquote  said Black hoarsely. He reached out a bony hand and stroked Crookshanks\rquote s fluffy head. \ldblquote He\rquote s the most intel\-ligent of his kind I\rquote ve ever met. He recognized Peter for what he was right away. And when he met me, he knew I was no dog. It was a while before he trusted me. \'85 Finally, I managed to communi\-cate to him what I was after, and he\rquote s been helping me. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do you mean?\rdblquote  breathed Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He tried to bring Peter to me, but couldn\rquote t\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 so he stole the passwords into Gryffindor Tower for me. \'85 As I understand it, he took them from a boy\rquote s bedside table. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s brain seemed to be sagging under the weight of what he was hearing. It was absurd \'85 and yet \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But Peter got wind of what was going on and ran for it. \'85\rdblquote  croaked Black. \ldblquote This cat \emdash  Crookshanks, did you call him? \emdash  told me Peter had left blood on the sheets. \'85 I supposed he bit himself. \'85 Well, faking his own death had worked once. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 These words jolted Harry to his senses.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And why did he fake his death?\rdblquote  he said furiously. \ldblquote Because he knew you were about to kill him like you killed my parents!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Lupin, \ldblquote Harry \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And now you\rquote ve come to finish him off!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I have,\rdblquote  said Black, with an evil look at Scabbers.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Then I should\rquote ve let Snape take you!\rdblquote  Harry shouted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  said Lupin hurriedly, \ldblquote don\rquote t you see? All this time\lang3081  \lang1033 we\rquote ve thought Sirius betrayed your parents, and Peter tracked him down \emdash  but it was the other way around, don\rquote t you see? \i Peter\i0  be\-trayed your mother and father \emdash  Sirius tracked \i Peter\i0  down \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote THAT\rquote S NOT TRUE!\rdblquote  Harry yelled. \ldblquote HE WAS THEIR SECRET\lang3081 -\lang1033 KEEPER! HE SAID SO BEFORE YOU TURNED UP. HE SAID HE KILLED THEM!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was pointing at Black, who shook his head slowly; the sunken eyes were suddenly overbright.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry \'85 I as good as killed them,\rdblquote  he croaked. \ldblquote I persuaded Lily and James to change to Peter at the last moment, persuaded them to use him as Secret-Keeper instead of me. \'85 I\rquote m to blame, I know it. \'85 The night they died, I\rquote d arranged to check on Peter, make sure he was still safe, but when I arrived at his hiding place, he\rquote d gone. Yet there was no sign of a struggle. It didn\rquote t feel right. I was scared. I set out for your parents\rquote  house straight away. And when I saw their house, destroyed, and their bodies \'85 I realized what Peter must\rquote ve done \'85 what I\rquote d done. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 His voice broke. He turned away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Enough of this,\rdblquote  said Lupin, and there was a steely note in his voice Harry had never heard before. \ldblquote There\rquote s one certain way to prove what really happened. Ron, \i give me that rat.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are you going to do with him if I give him to you?\rdblquote  Ron asked Lupin tensely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Force him to show himself,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote If he really is a rat, it won\rquote t hurt him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron hesitated. Then at long last, he held out Scabbers and Lupin took him. Scabbers began to squeak without stopping, twisting and turning, his tiny black eyes bulging in his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ready, Sirius?\rdblquote  said Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black had already retrieved Snape\rquote s wand from the bed. He ap\-proached Lupin and the struggling rat, and his wet eyes suddenly seemed to be burning in his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Together?\rdblquote  he said quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think so,\rdblquote  said Lupin, holding Scabbers tightly in one hand and his wand in the other. \ldblquote On the count of three. One \emdash  two \emdash  THREE!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A flash of blue-white light erupted from both wands; for a mo\-ment, Scabbers was frozen in midair, his small gray form twisting madly \emdash  Ron yelled \emdash  the rat fell and hit the floor. There was an\-other blinding flash of light and then \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was like watching a speeded-up film of a growing tree. A head was shooting upward from the ground; limbs were sprouting; a moment later, a man was standing where Scabbers had been, cring\-ing and wringing his hands. Crookshanks was spitting and snarling on the bed; the hair on his back was standing up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was a very short man, hardly taller than Harry and Hermione. His thin, colorless hair was unkempt and there was a large bald patch on top. He had the shrunken appearance of a plump man who has lost a lot of weight in a short time. His skin looked grubby, almost like Scabbers\rquote s fur, and something of the rat lingered around his pointed nose and his very small, watery eyes. He looked around at them all, his breathing fast and shallow. Harry saw his eyes dart to the door and back again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, hello, Peter,\rdblquote  said Lupin pleasantly, as though rats fre\-quently erupted into old school friends around him. \ldblquote Long time, no see.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote S \emdash  Sirius \'85 R \emdash  Remus \'85\rdblquote  Even Pettigrew\rquote s voice was\lang3081  \lang1033 squeaky. Again, his eyes darted toward the door. \ldblquote My friends \'85 my old friends \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black\rquote s wand arm rose, but Lupin seized him around the wrist, gave him a warning look, then turned again to Pettigrew, his voice light and casual.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve been having a little chat, Peter, about what happened the night Lily and James died. You might have missed the finer points while you were squeaking around down there on the bed \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Remus,\rdblquote  gasped Pettigrew, and Harry could see beads of sweat breaking out over his pasty face, \ldblquote you don\rquote t believe him, do you\'85 ? He tried to kill me, Remus. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So we\rquote ve heard,\rdblquote  said Lupin, more coldly. \ldblquote I\rquote d like to clear up one or two little matters with you, Peter, if you\rquote d be so \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s come to try and kill me again!\rdblquote  Pettigrew squeaked sud\-denly, pointing at Black, and Harry saw that he used his middle finger, because his index was missing. \ldblquote He killed Lily and James and now he\rquote s going to kill me too. \'85 You\rquote ve got to help me, Remus. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black\rquote s face looked more skull-like than ever as he stared at Pettigrew with his fathomless eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No one\rquote s going to try and kill you until we\rquote ve sorted a few things out,\rdblquote  said Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sorted things out?\rdblquote  squealed Pettigrew, looking wildly about him once more, eyes taking in the boarded windows and, again, the only door. \ldblquote I knew he\rquote d come after me! I knew he\rquote d be back for me! I\rquote ve been waiting for this for twelve years!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You knew Sirius was going to break out of Azkaban?\rdblquote  said Lupin, his brow furrowed. \ldblquote When nobody has ever done it be\-fore?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s got dark powers the rest of us can only dream of!\rdblquote  Petti\-grew shouted shrilly. \ldblquote How else did he get out of there? I suppose He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named taught him a few tricks!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black started to laugh, a horrible, mirthless laugh that filled the whole room.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Voldemort, teach me tricks?\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Pettigrew flinched as though Black had brandished a whip at him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What, scared to hear your old master\rquote s name?\rdblquote  said Black. \ldblquote I don\rquote t blame you, Peter. His lot aren\rquote t very happy with you, are they?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t know what you mean, Sirius \emdash\rdblquote  muttered Pettigrew, his breathing faster than ever. His whole face was shining with sweat now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You haven\rquote t been hiding from \i me \i0 for twelve years,\rdblquote  said Black. \ldblquote You\rquote ve been hiding from Voldemort\rquote s old supporters. I heard things in Azkaban, Peter. \'85 They all think you\rquote re dead, or you\rquote d have to answer to them. \'85 I\rquote ve heard them screaming all sorts of things in their sleep. Sounds like they think the double-crosser double-crossed them. Voldemort went to the Potters\rquote  on your information \'85 and Voldemort met his downfall there. And not all Voldemort\rquote s support\-ers ended up in Azkaban, did they? There are still plenty out here, biding their time, pretending they\rquote ve seen the error of their ways. \'85 If they ever got wind that you were still alive, Peter \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Don\rquote t know \'85 what you\rquote re talking about\'85 ,\rdblquote  said Pettigrew again, more shrilly than ever. He wiped his face on his sleeve and looked up at Lupin. \ldblquote You don\rquote t believe this \emdash  this madness, Remus \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I must admit, Peter, I have difficulty in understanding why an innocent man would want to spend twelve years as a rat,\rdblquote  said Lupin evenly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Innocent, but scared!\rdblquote  squealed Pettigrew. \ldblquote If Voldemort\rquote s sup\-porters were after me, it was because I put one of their best men in Azkaban \emdash  the spy, Sirius Black!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black\rquote s face contorted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How dare you,\rdblquote  he growled, sounding suddenly like the bear-sized dog he had been. \ldblquote I, a spy for Voldemort? When did I ever sneak around people who were stronger and more powerful than myself? But you, Peter \emdash  I\rquote ll never understand why I didn\rquote t see you were the spy from the start. You always liked big friends who\rquote d look after you, didn\rquote t you? It used to be us \'85 me and Remus \'85 and James. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Pettigrew wiped his face again; he was almost panting for breath.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Me, a spy \'85 must be out of your mind \'85 never \'85 don\rquote t know how you can say such a \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Lily and James only made you Secret-Keeper because I sug\-gested it,\rdblquote  Black hissed, so venomously that Pettigrew took a step backward. \ldblquote I thought it was the perfect plan \'85 a bluff. \'85 Volde\-mort would be sure to come after me, would never dream they\rquote d use a weak, talentless thing like you. \'85 It must have been the finest moment of your miserable life, telling Voldemort you could hand him the Potters.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Pettigrew was muttering distractedly; Harry caught words like \lang3081\ldblquote\lang1033 far-fetched\lang3081\rdblquote\lang1033  and \lang3081\ldblquote\lang1033 lunacy,\lang3081\rdblquote\lang1033  but he couldn\rquote t help paying more at\-tention to the ashen color of Pettigrew\rquote s face and the way his eyes continued to dart toward the windows and door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Lupin?\rdblquote  said Hermione timidly. \ldblquote Can \emdash  can I say something?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Certainly, Hermione,\rdblquote  said Lupin courteously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well \emdash  Scabbers \emdash  I mean, this \emdash  this man \emdash  he\rquote s been sleep\-ing in Harry\rquote s dormitory for three years. If he\rquote s working for You-Know-Who, how come he never tried to hurt Harry before now?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There!\rdblquote  said Pettigrew shrilly, pointing at Ron with his maimed hand. \ldblquote Thank you! You see, Remus? I have never hurt a hair of Harry\rquote s head! Why should I?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll tell you why,\rdblquote  said Black. \ldblquote Because you never did anything for anyone unless you could see what was in it for you. Voldemort\rquote s been in hiding for fifteen years, they say he\rquote s half dead. You weren\rquote t about to commit murder right under Albus Dumbledore\rquote s nose, for a wreck of a wizard who\rquote d lost all of his power, were you? You\rquote d want to be quite sure he was the biggest bully in the playground be\-fore you went back to him, wouldn\rquote t you? Why else did you find a wizard family to take you in? Keeping an ear out for news, weren\rquote t you, Peter? Just in case your old protector regained strength, and it was safe to rejoin him. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Pettigrew opened his mouth and closed it several times. He seemed to have lost the ability to talk.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Er \emdash  Mr. Black \emdash  Sirius?\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black jumped at being addressed like this and stared at Hermione as though he had never seen anything quite like her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you don\rquote t mind me asking, how \emdash  how did you get out of Azkaban, if you didn\rquote t use Dark Magic?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you!\rdblquote  gasped Pettigrew, nodding frantically at her. \ldblquote Ex\-actly! Precisely what I \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Lupin silenced him with a look. Black was frowning slightly at Hermione, but not as though he were annoyed with her. He seemed to be pondering his answer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know how I did it,\rdblquote  he said slowly. \ldblquote I think the only rea\-son I never lost my mind is that I knew I was innocent. That wasn\rquote t a happy thought, so the dementors couldn\rquote t suck it out of me \'85 but it kept me sane and knowing who I am \'85 helped me keep my powers \'85 so when it all became \'85 too much \'85 I could trans\-form in my cell\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 become a dog. Dementors can\rquote t see, you know. \'85\rdblquote  He swallowed. \ldblquote They feel their way toward people by feeding off their emotions. \'85 They could tell that my feelings were less \emdash  less human, less complex when I was a dog \'85 but they thought, of course, that I was losing my mind like everyone else in there, so it didn\rquote t trouble them. But I was weak, very weak, and I had no hope of driving them away from me without a wand. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But then I saw Peter in that picture \'85 I realized he was at Hogwarts with Harry \'85 perfectly positioned to act, if one hint reached his ears that the Dark Side was gathering strength again. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Pettigrew was shaking his head, mouthing noiselessly, but star\-ing all the while at Black as though hypnotized.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 ready to strike at the moment he could be sure of allies \'85 and to deliver the last Potter to them. If he gave them Harry, who\rquote d dare say he\rquote d betrayed Lord Voldemort? He\rquote d be welcomed back with honors. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So you see, I had to do something. I was the only one who knew Peter was still alive. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry remembered what Mr. Weasley had told Mrs. Weasley. \ldblquote The guards say he\rquote s been talking in his sleep \'85 always the same words \'85 \lang3081\lquote\lang1033\i He\rquote s at Hogwarts.\lang3081\i0\rquote  \rdblquote\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was as if someone had lit a fire in my head, and the dementors couldn\rquote t destroy it. \'85 It wasn\rquote t a happy feeling \'85 it was an obses\-sion \'85 but it gave me strength, it cleared my mind. So, one night when they opened my door to bring food, I slipped past them as a dog. \'85 It\rquote s so much harder for them to sense animal emotions that they were confused. \'85 I was thin, very thin \'85 thin enough to slip through the bars. \'85 I swam as a dog back to the mainland. \'85 I journeyed north and slipped into the Hogwarts grounds as a dog. I\rquote ve been living in the forest ever since, except when I came to watch the Quidditch, of course. You fly as well as your father did, Harry. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He looked at Harry, who did not look away.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Believe me,\rdblquote  croaked Black. \ldblquote Believe me, Harry. I never betrayed James and Lily. I would have died before I betrayed them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And at long last, Harry believed him. Throat too tight to speak, he nodded.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Pettigrew had fallen to his knees as though Harry\rquote s nod had been his own death sentence. He shuffled forward on his knees, grovel\-ing, his hands clasped in front of him as though praying.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius \emdash  it\rquote s me \'85 it\rquote s Peter \'85 your friend \'85 you wouldn\rquote t\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black kicked out and Pettigrew recoiled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s enough filth on my robes without you touching them,\rdblquote  said Black.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Remus!\rdblquote  Pettigrew squeaked, turning to Lupin instead, writh\-ing imploringly in front of him. \ldblquote You don\rquote t believe this\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 wouldn\rquote t Sirius have told you they\rquote d changed the plan?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not if he thought I was the spy, Peter,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote I assume that\rquote s why you didn\rquote t tell me, Sirius?\rdblquote  he said casually over Petti\-grew\rquote s head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Forgive me, Remus,\rdblquote  said Black.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not at all, Padfoot, old friend,\rdblquote  said Lupin, who was now rolling up his sleeves. \ldblquote And will you, in turn, forgive me for believ\-ing \i you\i0  were the spy?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course,\rdblquote  said Black, and the ghost of a grin flitted across his gaunt face. He, too, began rolling up his sleeves. \ldblquote Shall we kill him together?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I think so,\rdblquote  said Lupin grimly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You wouldn\rquote t\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 you won\rquote t\'85 ,\rdblquote  gasped Pettigrew. And he scrambled around to Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ron \'85 haven\rquote t I been a good friend \'85 a good pet? You won\rquote t let them kill me, Ron, will you \'85 you\rquote re on my side, aren\rquote t you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Ron was staring at Pettigrew with the utmost revulsion.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I let you sleep in my \i bed\i0 !\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Kind boy \'85 kind master \'85\rdblquote  Pettigrew crawled toward Ron, \ldblquote you won\rquote t let them do it. \'85 I was your rat. \'85 I was a good pet. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If you made a better rat than a human, it\rquote s not much to boast about, Peter,\rdblquote  said Black harshly. Ron, going still paler with pain, wrenched his broken leg out of Pettigrew\rquote s reach. Pettigrew turned on his knees, staggered forward, and seized the hem of Hermione\rquote s robes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sweet girl \'85 clever girl \'85 you \emdash  you won\rquote t let them. \'85 Help me. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione pulled her robes out of Pettigrew\rquote s clutching hands and backed away against the wall, looking horrified.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Pettigrew knelt, trembling uncontrollably, and turned his head slowly toward Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry \'85 Harry \'85 you look just like your father \'85 just like him. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HOW DARE YOU SPEAK TO HARRY?\rdblquote  roared Black. \ldblquote HOW DARE YOU FACE HIM? HOW DARE YOU TALK ABOUT JAMES IN FRONT OF HIM?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  whispered Pettigrew, shuffling toward him, hands out\-stretched. \ldblquote Harry, James wouldn\rquote t have wanted me killed. \'85 James would have understood, Harry \'85 he would have shown me mercy. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Both Black and Lupin strode forward, seized Pettigrew\rquote s shoul\-ders, and threw him backward onto the floor. He sat there, twitch\-ing with terror, staring up at them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You sold Lily and James to Voldemort,\rdblquote  said Black, who was shaking too. \ldblquote Do you deny it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Pettigrew burst into tears. It was horrible to watch, like an over\-sized, balding baby, cowering on the floor.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius, Sirius, what could I have done? The Dark Lord \'85 you have no idea \'85 he has weapons you can\rquote t imagine. \'85 I was scared, Sirius, I was never brave like you and Remus and James. I never meant it to happen. \'85 He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named forced me \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote DON\rquote T LIE!\rdblquote  bellowed Black. \ldblquote YOU\rquote D BEEN PASSING IN\-FORMATION TO HIM FOR A YEAR BEFORE LILY AND JAMES DIED! YOU WERE HIS SPY!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He \emdash  he was taking over everywhere!\rdblquote  gasped Pettigrew. \ldblquote Wh \emdash  what was there to be gained by refusing him?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What was there to be gained by fighting the most evil wizard who has ever existed?\rdblquote  said Black, with a terribly fury in his face. \ldblquote Only innocent lives, Peter!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You don\rquote t understand!\rdblquote  whined Pettigrew. \ldblquote He would have killed me, Sirius!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote THEN YOU SHOULD HAVE DIED!\rdblquote  roared Black. \ldblquote DIED RATHER THAN BETRAY YOUR FRIENDS, AS WE WOULD HAVE DONE FOR YOU!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black and Lupin stood shoulder to shoulder, wands raised.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You should have realized,\rdblquote  said Lupin quietly, \ldblquote if Voldemort didn\rquote t kill you, we would. Good-bye, Peter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione covered her face with her hands and turned to the wall.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote NO!\rdblquote  Harry yelled. He ran forward, placing himself in front of Pettigrew, facing the wands. \ldblquote You can\rquote t kill him,\rdblquote  he said breath\-lessly. \ldblquote You can\rquote t.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black and Lupin both looked staggered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, this piece of vermin is the reason you have no parents,\rdblquote  Black snarled. \ldblquote This cringing bit of filth would have seen you die too, without turning a hair. You heard him. His own stinking skin meant more to him than your whole family.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know,\rdblquote  Harry panted. \ldblquote We\rquote ll take him up to the castle. We\rquote ll hand him over to the dementors. \'85 He can go to Azkaban \'85 but don\rquote t kill him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote  gasped Pettigrew, and he flung his arms around Harry\rquote s knees. \ldblquote You \emdash  thank you \emdash  it\rquote s more than I deserve \emdash  thank you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get off me,\rdblquote  Harry spat, throwing Pettigrew\rquote s hands off him in\lang3081  \lang1033 disgust. \ldblquote I\rquote m not doing this for you. I\rquote m doing it because \emdash  I don\rquote t reckon my dad would\rquote ve wanted them to become killers \emdash  just for you.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 No one moved or made a sound except Pettigrew, whose breath was coming in wheezes as he clutched his chest. Black and Lupin were looking at each other. Then, with one movement, they low\-ered their wands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re the only person who has the right to decide, Harry,\rdblquote  said Black. \ldblquote But think \'85 think what he did. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He can go to Azkaban,\rdblquote  Harry repeated. \ldblquote If anyone deserves that place, he does. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Pettigrew was still wheezing behind him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Very well,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote Stand aside, Harry.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry hesitated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m going to tie him up,\rdblquote  said Lupin. \ldblquote That\rquote s all, I swear.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stepped out of the way. Thin cords shot from Lupin\rquote s wand this time, and next moment, Pettigrew was wriggling on the floor, bound and gagged.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But if you transform, Peter,\rdblquote  growled Black, his own wand pointing at Pettigrew too, \ldblquote we \i will\i0  kill you. You agree, Harry?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked down at the pitiful figure on the floor and nodded so that Pettigrew could see him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  said Lupin, suddenly businesslike. \ldblquote Ron, I can\rquote t mend bones nearly as well as Madam Pomfrey, so I think it\rquote s best if we just strap your leg up until we can get you to the hospital wing.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He hurried over to Ron, bent down, tapped Ron\rquote s leg with his wand, and muttered, \ldblquote\i Ferula.\i0\rdblquote  Bandages spun up Ron\rquote s leg,\lang3081  \lang1033 strapping it tightly to a splint. Lupin helped him to his feet; Ron put his weight gingerly on the leg and didn\rquote t wince.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s better,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote Thanks.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What about Professor Snape?\rdblquote  said Hermione in a small voice, looking down at Snape\rquote s prone figure.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s nothing seriously wrong with him,\rdblquote  said Lupin, bend\-ing over Snape and checking his pulse. \ldblquote You were just a little \emdash  overenthusiastic. Still out cold. Er \emdash  perhaps it will be best if we don\rquote t revive him until we\rquote re safely back in the castle. We can take him like this. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He muttered, \ldblquote\i Mobilicorpus.\i0\rdblquote  As though invisible strings were tied to Snape\rquote s wrists, neck, and knees, he was pulled into a stand\-ing position, head still lolling unpleasantly, like a grotesque pup\-pet. He hung a few inches above the ground, his limp feet dangling. Lupin picked up the Invisibility Cloak and tucked it safely into his pocket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And two of us should be chained to this,\rdblquote  said Black, nudging Pettigrew with his toe. \ldblquote Just to make sure.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll do it,\rdblquote  said Lupin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And me,\rdblquote  said Ron savagely, limping forward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black conjured heavy manacles from thin air; soon Pettigrew was upright again, left arm chained to Lupin\rquote s right, right arm to Ron\rquote s left. Ron\rquote s face was set. He seemed to have taken Scabbers\rquote s true identity as a personal insult. Crookshanks leapt lightly off the bed and led the way out of the room, his bottlebrush tail held jaun\-tily high.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 20\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc The Dementor\rquote s Kiss\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
Harry had never been part of a stranger group. Crook\-shanks led the way down the stairs; Lupin, Pettigrew, and Ron went next, looking like entrants in a six-legged race. Next came Professor Snape, drifting creepily along, his toes hitting each stair as they descended, held up by his own wand, which was being pointed at him by Sirius. Harry and Hermione brought up the rear.\par
Getting back into the tunnel was difficult. Lupin, Pettigrew, and Ron had to turn sideways to manage it; Lupin still had Pettigrew covered with his wand. Harry could see them edging awkwardly along the tunnel in single file. Crookshanks was still in the lead. Harry went right after Black, who was still making Snape drift along ahead of them; he kept bumping his lolling head on the low ceiling. Harry had the impression Black was making no effort to prevent this.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You know what this means?\rdblquote  Black said abruptly to Harry as they made their slow progress along the tunnel. \ldblquote Turning Pettigrew in?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re free,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes \'85 ,\rdblquote  said Black. \ldblquote But I\rquote m also \emdash  I don\rquote t know if anyone ever told you \emdash  I\rquote m your godfather.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I knew that,\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 your parents appointed me your guardian,\rdblquote  said Black stiffly. \ldblquote If anything happened to them \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry waited. Did Black mean what he thought he meant?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll understand, of course, if you want to stay with your aunt and uncle,\rdblquote  said Black. \ldblquote But\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 well \'85 think about it. Once my name\rquote s cleared \'85 if you wanted a \'85 a different home \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Some sort of explosion took place in the pit of Harry\rquote s stomach.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What \emdash  live with you?\rdblquote  he said, accidentally cracking his head on a bit of rock protruding from the ceiling. \ldblquote Leave the Dursleys?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course, I thought you wouldn\rquote t want to,\rdblquote  said Black quickly. \ldblquote I understand, I just thought I\rquote d \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you insane?\rdblquote  said Harry, his voice easily as croaky as Black\rquote s. \ldblquote Of course I want to leave the Dursleys! Have you got a house? When can I move in?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black turned right around to look at him; Snape\rquote s head was scraping the ceiling but Black didn\rquote t seem to care.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You want to?\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote You mean it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I mean it!\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black\rquote s gaunt face broke into the first true smile Harry had seen upon it. The difference it made was startling, as though a person ten years younger were shining through the starved mask; for a mo\-ment, he was recognizable as the man who had laughed at Harry\rquote s parents\rquote  wedding.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They did not speak again until they had reached the end of the tunnel. Crookshanks darted up first; he had evidently pressed his\lang3081  \lang1033 paw to the knot on the trunk, because Lupin, Pettigrew, and Ron clambered upward without any sound of savaging branches.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black saw Snape up through the hole, then stood back for Harry and Hermione to pass. At last, all of them were out.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The grounds were very dark now; the only light came from the distant windows of the castle. Without a word, they set off. Petti\-grew was still wheezing and occasionally whimpering. Harry\rquote s mind was buzzing. He was going to leave the Dursleys. He was go\-ing to live with Sirius Black, his parents\rquote  best friend. \'85 He felt dazed. \'85 What would happen when he told the Dursleys he was going to live with the convict they\rquote d seen on television\'85 !\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote One wrong move, Peter,\rdblquote  said Lupin threateningly ahead. His wand was still pointed sideways at Pettigrew\rquote s chest.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Silently they tramped through the grounds, the castle lights growing slowly larger. Snape was still drifting weirdly ahead of Black, his chin bumping on his chest. And then \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A cloud shifted. There were suddenly dim shadows on the ground. Their party was bathed in moonlight.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape collided with Lupin, Pettigrew, and Ron, who had stopped abruptly. Black froze. He flung out one arm to make Harry and Hermione stop.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could see Lupin\rquote s silhouette. He had gone rigid. Then his limbs began to shake.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, my \emdash\rdblquote  Hermione gasped. \ldblquote He didn\rquote t take his potion tonight! He\rquote s not safe!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Run,\rdblquote  Black whispered. \ldblquote Run. Now.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Harry couldn\rquote t run. Ron was chained to Pettigrew and Lupin. He leapt forward but Black caught him around the chest and threw him back.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Leave it to me \emdash  RUN!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a terrible snarling noise. Lupin\rquote s head was lengthening. So was his body. His shoulders were hunching. Hair was sprouting visibly on his face and hands, which were curling into clawed paws. Crookshanks\rquote s hair was on end again; he was backing away \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As the werewolf reared, snapping its long jaws, Sirius disap\-peared from Harry\rquote s side. He had transformed. The enormous, bearlike dog bounded forward. As the werewolf wrenched itself free of the manacle binding it, the dog seized it about the neck and pulled it backward, away from Ron and Pettigrew. They were locked, jaw to jaw, claws ripping at each other \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stood, transfixed by the sight, too intent upon the battle to notice anything else. It was Hermione\rquote s scream that alerted him \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Pettigrew had dived for Lupin\rquote s dropped wand. Ron, unsteady on his bandaged leg, fell. There was a bang, a burst of light \emdash  and Ron lay motionless on the ground. Another bang \emdash  Crookshanks flew into the air and back to the earth in a heap.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Expelliarmus\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry yelled, pointing his own wand at Petti\-grew; Lupin\rquote s wand flew high into the air and out of sight. \ldblquote Stay where you are!\rdblquote  Harry shouted, running forward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Too late. Pettigrew had transformed. Harry saw his bald tail whip through the manacle on Ron\rquote s outstretched arm and heard a scurrying through the grass.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a howl and a rumbling growl; Harry turned to see the werewolf taking flight; it was galloping into the forest \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius, he\rquote s gone, Pettigrew transformed!\rdblquote  Harry yelled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black was bleeding; there were gashes across his muzzle and back, but at Harry\rquote s words he scrambled up again, and in an\lang3081  \lang1033 instant, the sound of his paws faded to silence as he pounded away across the grounds.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Hermione dashed over to Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What did he do to him?\rdblquote  Hermione whispered. Ron\rquote s eyes were only half-closed, his mouth hung open; he was definitely alive, they could hear him breathing, but he didn\rquote t seem to recognize them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked desperately around. Black and Lupin both gone \'85 they had no one but Snape for company, still hanging, unconscious, in midair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote d better get them up to the castle and tell someone,\rdblquote  said Harry, pushing his hair out of his eyes, trying to think straight. Come \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But then, from beyond the range of their vision, they heard a yelping, a whining: a dog in pain. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius,\rdblquote  Harry muttered, staring into the darkness.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He had a moment\rquote s indecision, but there was nothing they could do for Ron at the moment, and by the sound of it, Black was in trouble \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry set off at a run, Hermione right behind him. The yelping seemed to be coming from the ground near the edge of the lake. They pelted toward it, and Harry, running flat out, felt the cold without realizing what it must mean \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The yelping stopped abruptly. As they reached the lakeshore, they saw why \emdash  Sirius had turned back into a man. He was crouched on all fours, his hands over his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Nooo,\i0\rdblquote  he moaned. \ldblquote\i Noooo\i0  \'85 \i please. \'85\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then Harry saw them. Dementors, at least a hundred of\lang3081  \lang1033 them, gliding in a black mass around the lake toward them. He spun around, the familiar, icy cold penetrating his insides, fog starting to obscure his vision; more were appearing out of the dark\-ness on every side; they were encircling them. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, think of something happy!\rdblquote  Harry yelled, raising his wand, blinking furiously to try and clear his vision, shaking his head to rid it of the faint screaming that had started inside it \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i I\rquote m going to live with my godfather. I\rquote m leaving the Dursleys.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033 He forced himself to think of Black, and only Black, and began to chant: \ldblquote\i Expecto patronum\i0 ! \i Expecto patronum\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black gave a shudder, rolled over, and lay motionless on the ground, pale as death.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i He\rquote ll be all right. I\rquote m going to go and live with him.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Expecto patronum\i0 ! Hermione, help me! \i Expecto patronum\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Expecto\i0  \emdash\rdblquote  Hermione whispered, \ldblquote\i expecto\i0  \emdash  \i expecto\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But she couldn\rquote t do it. The dementors were closing in, barely ten feet from them. They formed a solid wall around Harry and Hermione, and were getting closer. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i EXPECTO PATRONUM\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry yelled, trying to blot the screaming from his ears. \ldblquote\i EXPECTO PATRONUM\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A thin wisp of silver escaped his wand and hovered like mist be\-fore him. At the same moment, Harry felt Hermione collapse next to him. He was alone \'85 completely alone. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Expecto\i0  \emdash  \i expecto patronum\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry felt his knees hit the cold grass. Fog was clouding his eyes. With a huge effort, he fought to remember \emdash  Sirius was inno\-cent \emdash  innocent \emdash  \i We\rquote ll be okay\i0  \emdash  \i I\rquote m going to live with him\i0  \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Expecto\lang3081  \lang1033 patronum\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 he gasped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 By the feeble light of his formless Patronus, he saw a dementor halt, very close to him. It couldn\rquote t walk through the cloud of silver mist Harry had conjured. A dead, slimy hand slid out from under the cloak. It made a gesture as though to sweep the Patronus aside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No \emdash  \i no\i0  \emdash\rdblquote  Harry gasped. \ldblquote He\rquote s innocent\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 \i expecto\i0  \emdash  \i expecto patronum\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He could feel them watching him, hear their rattling breath like an evil wind around him. The nearest dementor seemed to be con\-sidering him. Then it raised both its rotting hands \emdash  and lowered its hood.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Where there should have been eyes, there was only thin, gray scabbed skin, stretched blankly over empty sockets. But there was a mouth \'85 a gaping, shapeless hole, sucking the air with the sound of a death rattle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A paralyzing terror filled Harry so that he couldn\rquote t move or speak. His Patronus flickered and died.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 White fog was blinding him. He had to fight\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 \i expecto pa\-tronum\i0  \'85 he couldn\rquote t see \'85 and in the distance, he heard the fa\-miliar screaming \'85 \i expecto patronum\i0  \'85 he groped in the mist for Sirius, and found his arm \'85 they weren\rquote t going to take him. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But a pair of strong, clammy hands suddenly attached them\-selves around Harry\rquote s neck. They were forcing his face upward. \'85 He could feel its breath. \'85 It was going to get rid of him first. \'85 He could feel its putrid breath. \'85 His mother was screaming in his ears. \'85 She was going to be the last thing he ever heard \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then, through the fog that was drowning him, he thought he saw a silvery light growing brighter and brighter. \'85 He felt\lang3081  \lang1033 himself fall forward onto the grass. \'85 Facedown, too weak to move, sick and shaking, Harry opened his eyes. The dementor must have released him. The blinding light was illuminating the grass around him. \'85 The screaming had stopped, the cold was ebbing away. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Something was driving the dementors back. \'85 It was circling around him and Black and Hermione. \'85 They were leaving. \'85 The air was warm again. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 With every ounce of strength he could muster, Harry raised his head a few inches and saw an animal amid the light, galloping away across the lake. \'85 Eyes blurred with sweat, Harry tried to make out what it was. \'85 It was as bright as a unicorn. \'85 Fighting to stay conscious, Harry watched it canter to a halt as it reached the opposite shore. For a moment, Harry saw, by its brightness, some\-body welcoming it back \'85 raising his hand to pat it\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 someone who looked strangely familiar \'85 but it couldn\rquote t be \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry didn\rquote t understand. He couldn\rquote t think anymore. He felt the last of his strength leave him, and his head hit the ground as he fainted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 21\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Hermione\rquote s Secret\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
\ldblquote Shocking business \'85 shocking \'85 miracle none of them died \'85 never heard the like \'85 by thunder, it was lucky you were there, Snape. \'85\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Thank you, Minister.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Order of Merlin, Second Class, I\rquote d say. First Class, if I can wangle it!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you very much indeed, Minister.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Nasty cut you\rquote ve got there. \'85 Black\rquote s work, I suppose?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As a matter of fact, it was Potter, Weasley, and Granger, Minis\-ter. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i No\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Black had bewitched them, I saw it immediately. A Confundus Charm, to judge by their behavior. They seemed to think there was a possibility he was innocent. They weren\rquote t responsible for their ac\-tions. On the other hand, their interference might have permitted\lang3081  \lang1033 Black to escape. \'85 They obviously thought they were going to catch Black single-handed. They\rquote ve got away with a great deal be\-fore now. \'85 I\rquote m afraid it\rquote s given them a rather high opinion of themselves \'85 and of course Potter has always been allowed an ex\-traordinary amount of license by the headmaster \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, well, Snape \'85 Harry Potter, you know \'85 we\rquote ve all got a bit of a blind spot where he\rquote s concerned.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And yet \emdash  is it good for him to be given so much special treat\-ment? Personally, I try and treat him like any other student. And any other student would be suspended \emdash  at the very least \emdash  for leading his friends into such danger. Consider, Minister \emdash  against all school rules \emdash  after all the precautions put in place for his pro\-tection \emdash  out-of-bounds, at night, consorting with a werewolf and a murderer \emdash  and I have reason to believe he has been visiting Hogsmeade illegally too \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 we shall see, Snape, we shall see. \'85 The boy has undoubtedly been foolish. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry lay listening with his eyes tight shut. He felt very groggy. The words he was hearing seemed to be traveling very slowly from his ears to his brain, so that it was difficult to understand. \'85 His limbs felt like lead; his eyelids too heavy to lift. \'85 He wanted to lie here, on this comfortable bed, forever. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What amazes me most is the behavior of the dementors\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 you\rquote ve really no idea what made them retreat, Snape?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, Minister \'85 by the time I had come \rquote round they were heading back to their positions at the entrances. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Extraordinary. And yet Black, and Harry, and the girl \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote All unconscious by the time I reached them. I bound and\lang3081  \lang1033 gagged Black, naturally, conjured stretchers, and brought them all straight back to the castle.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a pause. Harry\rquote s brain seemed to be moving a little faster, and as it did, a gnawing sensation grew in the pit of his stom\-ach. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He opened his eyes.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Everything was slightly blurred. Somebody had removed his glasses. He was lying in the dark hospital wing. At the very end of the ward, he could make out Madam Pomfrey with her back to him, bending over a bed. Harry squinted. Ron\rquote s red hair was visible beneath Madam Pomfrey\rquote s arm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry moved his head over on the pillow. In the bed to his right lay Hermione. Moonlight was falling across her bed. Her eyes were open too. She looked petrified, and when she saw that Harry was awake, pressed a finger to her lips, then pointed to the hospital wing door. It was ajar, and the voices of Cornelius Fudge and Snape were coming through it from the corridor outside.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Madam Pomfrey now came walking briskly up the dark ward to Harry\rquote s bed. He turned to look at her. She was carrying the largest block of chocolate he had ever seen in his life. It looked like a small boulder.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ah, you\rquote re awake!\rdblquote  she said briskly. She placed the chocolate on Harry\rquote s bedside table and began breaking it apart with a small ham\-mer.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How\rquote s Ron?\rdblquote  said Harry and Hermione together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote ll live,\rdblquote  said Madam Pomfrey grimly. \ldblquote As for you two \'85 you\rquote ll be staying here until I\rquote m satisfied you\rquote re \emdash  Potter, what do you think you\rquote re doing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was sitting up, putting his glasses back on, and picking up his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I need to see the headmaster,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Potter,\rdblquote  said Madam Pomfrey soothingly, \ldblquote it\rquote s all right. They\rquote ve got Black. He\rquote s locked away upstairs. The dementors will be per\-forming the kiss any moment now \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote WHAT?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry jumped up out of bed; Hermione had done the same. But his shout had been heard in the corridor outside; next second, Cor\-nelius Fudge and Snape had entered the ward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, Harry, what\rquote s this?\rdblquote  said Fudge, looking agitated. \ldblquote You should be in bed \emdash  has he had any chocolate?\rdblquote  he asked Madam Pomfrey anxiously.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Minister, listen!\rdblquote  Harry said. \ldblquote Sirius Black\rquote s innocent! Peter Pet\-tigrew faked his own death! We saw him tonight! You can\rquote t let the dementors do that thing to Sirius, he\rquote s \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Fudge was shaking his head with a small smile on his face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, Harry, you\rquote re very confused, you\rquote ve been through a dreadful ordeal, lie back down, now, we\rquote ve got everything under control. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote YOU HAVEN\rquote T!\rdblquote  Harry yelled. \ldblquote YOU\rquote VE GOT THE WRONG MAN!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Minister, listen, please,\rdblquote  Hermione said; she had hurried to Harry\rquote s side and was gazing imploringly into Fudge\rquote s face. \ldblquote I saw him too. It was Ron\rquote s rat, he\rquote s an Animagus, Pettigrew, I mean, and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You see, Minister?\rdblquote  said Snape. \ldblquote Confunded, both of them. \'85 Black\rquote s done a very good job on them. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote WE\rquote RE NOT CONFUNDED!\rdblquote  Harry roared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Minister! Professor!\rdblquote  said Madam Pomfrey angrily. \ldblquote I must in\-sist that you leave. Potter is my patient, and he should not be dis\-tressed!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not distressed, I\rquote m trying to tell them what happened!\rdblquote  Harry said furiously. \ldblquote If they\rquote d just listen \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Madam Pomfrey suddenly stuffed a large chunk of choco\-late into Harry\rquote s mouth; he choked, and she seized the opportunity to force him back onto the bed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, \i please,\i0  Minister, these children need care. Please leave \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door opened again. It was Dumbledore. Harry swallowed his mouthful of chocolate with great difficulty and got up again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Dumbledore, Sirius Black \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote For heaven\rquote s sake!\rdblquote  said Madam Pomfrey hysterically. \ldblquote Is this a hospital wing or not? Headmaster, I must insist \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My apologies, Poppy, but I need a word with Mr. Potter and Miss Granger,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore calmly. \ldblquote I have just been talking to Sirius Black \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I suppose he\rquote s told you the same fairy tale he\rquote s planted in Potter\rquote s mind?\rdblquote  spat Snape. \ldblquote Something about a rat, and Pettigrew being alive \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That, indeed, is Black\rquote s story,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, surveying Snape closely through his half-moon spectacles.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And does my evidence count for nothing?\rdblquote  snarled Snape. \ldblquote Peter Pettigrew was not in the Shrieking Shack, nor did I see any sign of him on the grounds.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was because you were knocked out, Professor!\rdblquote  said Hermione earnestly. \ldblquote You didn\rquote t arrive in time to hear \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Miss Granger, HOLD YOUR TONGUE!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, Snape,\rdblquote  said Fudge, startled, \ldblquote the young lady is disturbed in her mind, we must make allowances \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I would like to speak to Harry and Hermione alone,\rdblquote  said Dum\-bledore abruptly. \ldblquote Cornelius, Severus, Poppy \emdash  please leave us.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Headmaster!\rdblquote  sputtered Madam Pomfrey \ldblquote They need treat\-ment, they need rest \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This cannot wait,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote I must insist.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Madam Pomfrey pursed her lips and strode away into her office at the end of the ward, slamming the door behind her. Fudge con\-sulted the large gold pocket watch dangling from his waistcoat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote The dementors should have arrived by now,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I\rquote ll go and meet them. Dumbledore, I\rquote ll see you upstairs.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He crossed to the door and held it open for Snape, but Snape hadn\rquote t moved.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You surely don\rquote t believe a word of Black\rquote s story?\rdblquote  Snape whispered, his eyes fixed on Dumbledore\rquote s face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I wish to speak to Harry and Hermione alone,\rdblquote  Dumbledore repeated.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape took a step toward Dumbledore.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius Black showed he was capable of murder at the age of six\-teen,\rdblquote  he breathed. \ldblquote You haven\rquote t forgotten that, Headmaster? You haven\rquote t forgotten that he once tried to kill \i me\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote My memory is as good as it ever was, Severus,\rdblquote  said Dumble\-dore quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape turned on his heel and marched through the door Fudge was still holding. It closed behind them, and Dumbledore turned to Harry and Hermione. They both burst into speech at the same time.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor, Black\rquote s telling the truth \emdash  we \i saw\i0  Pettigrew \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  he escaped when Professor Lupin turned into a werewolf\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote\emdash  he\rquote s a rat \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  Pettigrew\rquote s front paw, I mean, finger, he cut it off\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  Pettigrew attacked Ron, it wasn\rquote t Sirius \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Dumbledore held up his hand to stem the flood of explana\-tions.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It is your turn to listen, and I beg you will not interrupt me, be\-cause there is very little time,\rdblquote  he said quietly. \ldblquote There is not a shred of proof to support Black\rquote s story, except your word \emdash  and the word of two thirteen-year-old wizards will not convince anybody. A street full of eyewitnesses swore they saw Sirius murder Pettigrew. I myself gave evidence to the Ministry that Sirius had been the Potters\rquote  Secret-Keeper.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Lupin can tell you \emdash\rdblquote  Harry said, unable to stop himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Lupin is currently deep in the forest, unable to tell anyone anything. By the time he is human again, it will be too late, Sirius will be worse than dead. I might add that werewolves are so mistrusted by most of our kind that his support will count for very little \emdash  and the fact that he and Sirius are old friends \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Listen to me, Harry.\i0  It is too late, you understand me? You must see that Professor Snape\rquote s version of events is far more convincing than yours.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He hates Sirius,\rdblquote  Hermione said desperately. \ldblquote All because of some stupid trick Sirius played on him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius has not acted like an innocent man. The attack on the Fat Lady \emdash  entering Gryffindor Tower with a knife \emdash  without\lang3081  \lang1033 Pettigrew, alive or dead, we have no chance of overturning Sirius\rquote s sentence.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i But\lang3081  \lang1033 you believe us.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I do,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly. \ldblquote But I have no power to make other men see the truth, or to overrule the Minister of Magic. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared up into the grave face and felt as though the ground beneath him were falling sharply away. He had grown used to the idea that Dumbledore could solve anything. He had expected Dumbledore to pull some amazing solution out of the air. But no \'85 their last hope was gone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What we need,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore slowly, and his light blue eyes moved from Harry to Hermione, \ldblquote is more \i time.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash\rdblquote  Hermione began. And then her eyes became very round. \ldblquote OH!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now, pay attention,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, speaking very low, and very clearly. \ldblquote Sirius is locked in Professor Flitwick\rquote s office on the seventh floor. Thirteenth window from the right of the West Tower. If all goes well, you will be able to save more than one in\-nocent life tonight. But remember this, both of you: \i you must not be seen.\i0  Miss Granger, you know the law \emdash  you know what is at stake. \'85 \i You\i0  \emdash  \i must\i0  \emdash  \i not\i0  \emdash  \i be\i0  \emdash  \i seen.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry didn\rquote t have a clue what was going on. Dumbledore had turned on his heel and looked back as he reached the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am going to lock you in. It is \emdash\rdblquote  he consulted his watch, \ldblquote five minutes to midnight. Miss Granger, three turns should do it. Good luck.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good luck?\rdblquote   Harry repeated  as  the  door  closed behind\lang3081  \lang1033 Dumbledore. \ldblquote Three turns? What\rquote s he talking about? What are we supposed to do?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Hermione was fumbling with the neck of her robes, pulling from beneath them a very long, very fine gold chain.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, come here,\rdblquote  she said urgently. \ldblquote\i Quick\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry moved toward her, completely bewildered. She was holding the chain out. He saw a tiny, sparkling hourglass hanging from it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She had thrown the chain around his neck too.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ready?\rdblquote  she said breathlessly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What are we doing?\rdblquote  Harry said, completely lost.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione turned the hourglass over three times.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The dark ward dissolved. Harry had the sensation that he was flying very fast, backward. A blur of colors and shapes rushed past him, his ears were pounding, he tried to yell but couldn\rquote t hear his own voice \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then he felt solid ground beneath his feet, and everything came into focus again \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was standing next to Hermione in the deserted entrance hall and a stream of golden sunlight was falling across the paved floor from the open front doors. He looked wildly around at Hermione, the chain of the hourglass cutting into his neck.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione, what \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote In here!\rdblquote  Hermione seized Harry\rquote s arm and dragged him across the hall to the door of a broom closet; she opened it, pushed him inside among the buckets and mops, then slammed the door be\-hind them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What \emdash  how \emdash  Hermione, what happened?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve gone back in time,\rdblquote  Hermione whispered, lifting the chain off Harry\rquote s neck in the darkness. \ldblquote Three hours back \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry found his own leg and gave it a very hard pinch. It hurt a lot, which seemed to rule out the possibility that he was having a very bizarre dream.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shh! Listen! Someone\rquote s coming! I think \emdash  I think it might be us!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione had her ear pressed against the cupboard door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Footsteps across the hall \'85 yes, I think it\rquote s us going down to Hagrid\rquote s!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Are you telling me,\rdblquote  Harry whispered, \ldblquote that we\rquote re here in this cupboard and we\rquote re out there too?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes,\rdblquote  said Hermione, her ear still glued to the cupboard door. \ldblquote I\rquote m sure it\rquote s us. It doesn\rquote t sound like more than three people \'85 and we\rquote re walking slowly because we\rquote re under the Invisibility Cloak \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She broke off, still listening intently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ve gone down the front steps. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione sat down on an upturned bucket, looking desperately anxious, but Harry wanted a few questions answered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where did you \i get\i0  that hourglass thing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s called a Time-Turner,\rdblquote  Hermione whispered, \ldblquote and I got it from Professor McGonagall on our first day back. I\rquote ve been using it all year to get to all my lessons. Professor McGonagall made me swear I wouldn\rquote t tell anyone. She had to write all sorts of letters to the Ministry of Magic so I could have one. She had to tell them that I was a model student, and that I\rquote d never, ever use it for\lang3081  \lang1033 anything except my studies. \'85 I\rquote ve been turning it back so I could do hours over again, that\rquote s how I\rquote ve been doing several lessons at once, see? But\lang3081  \lang1033\'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, \i I don\rquote t understand what Dumbledore wants us to do.\i0  Why did he tell us to go back three hours? How\rquote s that going to help Sirius?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared at her shadowy face.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There must be something that happened around now he wants us to change,\rdblquote  he said slowly. \ldblquote What happened? We were walking down to Hagrid\rquote s three hours ago. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This \i is\i0  three hours ago, and we \i are\i0  walking down to Hagrid\rquote s,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote We just heard ourselves leaving. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry frowned; he felt as though he were screwing up his whole brain in concentration.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore just said \emdash  just said we could save more than one innocent life. \'85\rdblquote  And then it hit him. \ldblquote Hermione, we\rquote re going to save Buckbeak!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash  how will that help Sirius?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Dumbledore said \emdash  he just told us where the window is \emdash  the window of Flitwick\rquote s office! Where they\rquote ve got Sirius locked up! We\rquote ve got to fly Buckbeak up to the window and rescue Sirius! Sirius can escape on Buckbeak \emdash  they can escape to\-gether!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 From what Harry could see of Hermione\rquote s face, she looked terri\-fied.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If we manage that without being seen, it\rquote ll be a miracle!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, we\rquote ve got to try, haven\rquote t we?\rdblquote  said Harry. He stood up and pressed his ear against the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Doesn\rquote t sound like anyone\rquote s there. \'85 Come on, let\rquote s go. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pushed open the closet door. The entrance hall was de\-serted. As quietly and quickly as they could, they darted out of the closet and down the stone steps. The shadows were already length\-ening, the tops of the trees in the Forbidden Forest gilded once more with gold.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If anyone\rquote s looking out of the window\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote  Hermione squeaked, looking up at the castle behind them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll run for it,\rdblquote  said Harry determinedly. \ldblquote Straight into the forest, all right? We\rquote ll have to hide behind a tree or something and keep a lookout \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay, but we\rquote ll go around by the greenhouses!\rdblquote  said Hermione breathlessly. \ldblquote We need to keep out of sight of Hagrid\rquote s front door, or we\rquote ll see us! We must be nearly at Hagrid\rquote s by now!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Still working out what she meant, Harry set off at a sprint, Hermione behind him. They tore across the vegetable gardens to the greenhouses, paused for a moment behind them, then set off again, fast as they could, skirting around the Whomping Willow, tearing toward the shelter of the forest. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Safe in the shadows of the trees, Harry turned around; seconds later, Hermione arrived beside him, panting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right,\rdblquote  she gasped. \ldblquote We need to sneak over to Hagrid\rquote s. \'85 Keep out of sight, Harry. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They made their way silently through the trees, keeping to the very edge of the forest. Then, as they glimpsed the front of Hagrid\rquote s house, they heard a knock upon his door. They moved quickly behind a wide oak trunk and peered out from either side. Hagrid had appeared in his doorway, shaking and white, looking around to see who had knocked. And Harry heard his own voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s us. We\rquote re wearing the Invisibility Cloak. Let us in and we can take it off.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeh shouldn\rquote ve come!\rdblquote  Hagrid whispered. He stood back, then shut the door quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is the weirdest thing we\rquote ve ever done,\rdblquote  Harry said fer\-vently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Let\rquote s move along a bit,\rdblquote  Hermione whispered. \ldblquote We need to get nearer to Buckbeak!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They crept through the trees until they saw the nervous hip\-pogriff, tethered to the fence around Hagrid\rquote s pumpkin patch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now?\rdblquote  Harry whispered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote If we steal him now, those Committee people will think Hagrid set him free! We\rquote ve got to wait until they\rquote ve seen he\rquote s tied outside!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s going to give us about sixty seconds,\rdblquote  said Harry. This was starting to seem impossible.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 At that moment, there was a crash of breaking china from inside Hagrid\rquote s cabin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s Hagrid breaking the milk jug,\rdblquote  Hermione whispered. \ldblquote I\rquote m going to find Scabbers in a moment \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Sure enough, a few minutes later, they heard Hermione\rquote s shriek of surprise.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione,\rdblquote  said Harry suddenly, \ldblquote what if we \emdash  we just run in there and grab Pettigrew \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No!\rdblquote  said Hermione in a terrified whisper. \ldblquote Don\rquote t you under\-stand? We\rquote re breaking one of the most important wizarding laws! Nobody\rquote s supposed to change time, nobody! You heard Dumble\-dore, if we\rquote re seen \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote d only be seen by ourselves and Hagrid!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, what do you think you\rquote d do if you saw yourself bursting into Hagrid\rquote s house?\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote d \emdash  I\rquote d think I\rquote d gone mad,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote or I\rquote d think there was some Dark Magic going on \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Exactly\i0 !\lang3081  \lang1033 You wouldn\rquote t understand, you might even attack your\-self! Don\rquote t you see? Professor McGonagall told me what awful things have happened when wizards have meddled with time. \'85 Loads of them ended up killing their past or future selves by mis\-take!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay!\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote It was just an idea, I just thought \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Hermione nudged him and pointed toward the castle. Harry moved his head a few inches to get a clear view of the distant front doors. Dumbledore, Fudge, the old Committee member, and Macnair the executioner were coming down the steps.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re about to come out!\rdblquote  Hermione breathed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And sure enough, moments later, Hagrid\rquote s back door opened, and Harry saw himself, Ron, and Hermione walking out of it with Hagrid. It was, without a doubt, the strangest sensation of his life, standing behind the tree, and watching himself in the pumpkin patch.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s okay, Beaky, it\rquote s okay \'85 ,\rdblquote  Hagrid said to Buckbeak. Then he turned to Harry, Ron, and Hermione. \ldblquote Go on. Get goin\rquote .\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid, we can\rquote t \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll tell them what really happened \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote They can\rquote t kill him \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Go! It\rquote s bad enough without you lot in trouble an\rquote  all!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry watched the Hermione in the pumpkin patch throw the Invisibility Cloak over him and Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Go quick. Don\rquote  listen. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a knock on Hagrid\rquote s front door. The execution party had arrived. Hagrid turned around and headed back into his cabin, leaving the back door ajar. Harry watched the grass flatten in patches all around the cabin and heard three pairs of feet retreat\-ing. He, Ron, and Hermione had gone \'85 but the Harry and Hermione hidden in the trees could now hear what was happening inside the cabin through the back door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where is the beast?\rdblquote  came the cold voice of Macnair.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Out \emdash  outside,\rdblquote  Hagrid croaked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry pulled his head out of sight as Macnair\rquote s face appeared at Hagrid\rquote s window, staring out at Buckbeak. Then they heard Fudge.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We \emdash  er \emdash  have to read you the official notice of execution, Hagrid. I\rquote ll make it quick. And then you and Macnair need to sign it. Macnair, you\rquote re supposed to listen too, that\rquote s procedure \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Macnair\rquote s face vanished from the window. It was now or never.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wait here,\rdblquote  Harry whispered to Hermione. \ldblquote I\rquote ll do it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 As Fudge\rquote s voice started again, Harry darted out from behind his tree, vaulted the fence into the pumpkin patch, and approached Buckbeak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i It is the decision of the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures that the hippogriff Buckbeak, hereafter called the con\-demned, shall be executed on the sixth of June at sundown \i0\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Careful not to blink, Harry stared up into Buckbeak\rquote s fierce or\-ange eyes once more and bowed. Buckbeak sank to his scaly knees and then stood up again. Harry began to fumble with the knot of rope tying Buckbeak to the fence.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 \i sentenced to execution by beheading, to be carried out by the Committee\i0\rquote\i s appointed executioner, Walden Macnair\i0  \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on, Buckbeak,\rdblquote  Harry murmured, \ldblquote come on, we\rquote re go\-ing to help you. Quietly \'85 quietly \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 \i as witnessed below.\i0  Hagrid, you sign here. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry threw all his weight onto the rope, but Buckbeak had dug in his front feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, let\rquote s get this over with,\rdblquote  said the reedy voice of the Com\-mittee member from inside Hagrid\rquote s cabin. \ldblquote Hagrid, perhaps it will be better if you stay inside \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No, I \emdash  I wan\rquote  ter be with him. \'85 I don\rquote  wan\rquote  him ter be alone \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Footsteps echoed from within the cabin.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Buckbeak, move\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry hissed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry tugged harder on the rope around Buckbeak\rquote s neck. The hippogriff began to walk, rustling its wings irritably. They were still ten feet away from the forest, in plain view of Hagrid\rquote s back door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote One moment, please, Macnair,\rdblquote  came Dumbledore\rquote s voice. \ldblquote You need to sign too.\rdblquote  The footsteps stopped. Harry heaved on the rope. Buckbeak snapped his beak and walked a little faster.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione\rquote s white face was sticking out from behind a tree.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, hurry!\rdblquote  she mouthed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry could still hear Dumbledore\rquote s voice talking from within the cabin. He gave the rope another wrench. Buckbeak broke into a grudging trot. They had reached the trees. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Quick! Quick!\rdblquote  Hermione moaned, darting out from behind her tree, seizing the rope too and adding her weight to make Buck\-beak move faster. Harry looked over his shoulder; they were now blocked from sight; they couldn\rquote t see Hagrid\rquote s garden at all.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stop!\rdblquote  he whispered to Hermione. \ldblquote They might hear us \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hagrid\rquote s back door had opened with a bang. Harry, Hermione, and Buckbeak stood quite still; even the hippogriff seemed to be listening intently.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Silence \'85 then \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Where is it?\rdblquote  said the reedy voice of the Committee member. \ldblquote Where is the beast?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was tied here!\rdblquote  said the executioner furiously. \ldblquote I saw it! Just here!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How extraordinary,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. There was a note of amusement in his voice.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Beaky!\rdblquote  said Hagrid huskily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a swishing noise, and the thud of an axe. The execu\-tioner seemed to have swung it into the fence in anger. And then came the howling, and this time they could hear Hagrid\rquote s words through his sobs.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Gone! Gone! Bless his little beak, he\rquote s \i gone\i0 ! Musta pulled him\-self free! Beaky, yeh clever boy!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Buckbeak started to strain against the rope, trying to get back to Hagrid. Harry and Hermione tightened their grip and dug their heels into the forest floor to stop him.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Someone untied him!\rdblquote  the executioner was snarling. \ldblquote We should search the grounds, the forest \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Macnair, if Buckbeak has indeed been stolen, do you really think the thief will have led him away on foot?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, still sounding amused. \ldblquote Search the skies, if you will. \'85 Hagrid, I could do with a cup of tea. Or a large brandy.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote O\rquote  \emdash  o\rquote  course, Professor,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, who sounded weak with happiness. \ldblquote Come in, come in. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Hermione listened closely. They heard footsteps, the soft cursing of the executioner, the snap of the door, and then si\-lence once more.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Now what?\rdblquote  whispered Harry, looking around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll have to hide in here,\rdblquote  said Hermione, who looked very shaken. \ldblquote We need to wait until they\rquote ve gone back to the castle. Then we wait until it\rquote s safe to fly Buckbeak up to Sirius\rquote s window. He won\rquote t be there for another couple of hours. \'85 Oh, this is go\-ing to be difficult. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She looked nervously over her shoulder into the depths of the forest. The sun was setting now.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote re going to have to move,\rdblquote  said Harry, thinking hard. \ldblquote We\rquote ve got to be able to see the Whomping Willow, or we won\rquote t know what\rquote s going on.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  said Hermione, getting a firmer grip on Buckbeak\rquote s rope. \ldblquote But we\rquote ve got to keep out of sight, Harry, remember. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They moved around the edge of the forest, darkness falling thickly around them, until they were hidden behind a clump of trees through which they could make out the Willow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s Ron!\rdblquote  said Harry suddenly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A dark figure was sprinting across the lawn and its shout echoed through the still night air.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get away from him \emdash  get away \emdash  Scabbers, come \i here\i0  \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then they saw two more figures materialize out of nowhere. Harry watched himself and Hermione chasing after Ron. Then he saw Ron dive.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Gotcha\i0 ! Get off, you stinking cat \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s Sirius!\rdblquote  said Harry. The great shape of the dog had\lang3081  \lang1033 bounded out from the roots of the Willow. They saw him bowl Harry over, then seize Ron. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Looks even worse from here, doesn\rquote t it?\rdblquote  said Harry, watching the dog pulling Ron into the roots. \ldblquote Ouch \emdash  look, I just got wal\-loped by the tree \emdash  and so did you \emdash  this is \i weird \i0\emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Whomping Willow was creaking and lashing out with its lower branches; they could see themselves darting here and there, trying to reach the trunk. And then the tree froze.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That was Crookshanks pressing the knot,\rdblquote  said Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And there we go \'85 ,\rdblquote  Harry muttered. \ldblquote We\rquote re in.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The moment they disappeared, the tree began to move again. Seconds later, they heard footsteps quite close by. Dumbledore, Macnair, Fudge, and the old Committee member were making their way up to the castle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right after we\rquote d gone down into the passage!\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote If \i only\i0  Dumbledore had come with us \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Macnair and Fudge would\rquote ve come too,\rdblquote  said Harry bitterly. \ldblquote I bet you anything Fudge would\rquote ve told Macnair to murder Sirius on the spot. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They watched the four men climb the castle steps and disappear from view. For a few minutes the scene was deserted. Then \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here comes Lupin!\rdblquote  said Harry as they saw another figure sprinting down the stone steps and haring toward the Willow. Harry looked up at the sky. Clouds were obscuring the moon com\-pletely.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They watched Lupin seize a broken branch from the ground and prod the knot on the trunk. The tree stopped fighting, and Lupin, too, disappeared into the gap in its roots.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If he\rquote d only grabbed the cloak,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote It\rquote s just lying there. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He turned to Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If I just dashed out now and grabbed it, Snape\rquote d never be able to get it and \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, \i we mustn\rquote t be seen\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How can you stand this?\rdblquote  he asked Hermione fiercely. \ldblquote Just standing here and watching it happen?\rdblquote  He hesitated. \ldblquote I\rquote m going to grab the cloak!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, \i no\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione seized the back of Harry\rquote s robes not a moment too soon. Just then, they heard a burst of song. It was Hagrid, making his way up to the castle, singing at the top of his voice, and weav\-ing slightly as he walked. A large bottle was swinging from his hands.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i See\i0 ?\rdblquote  Hermione whispered. \ldblquote\i See what would have happened\i0 ? We\rquote ve got to keep out of sight! \i No, Buckbeak\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The hippogriff was making frantic attempts to get to Hagrid again; Harry seized his rope too, straining to hold Buckbeak back. They watched Hagrid meander tipsily up to the castle. He was gone. Buckbeak stopped fighting to get away. His head drooped sadly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Barely two minutes later, the castle doors flew open yet again, and Snape came charging out of them, running toward the Willow.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s fists clenched as they watched Snape skid to a halt next to the tree, looking around. He grabbed the cloak and held it up.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get your filthy hands off it,\rdblquote  Harry snarled under his breath.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shh!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape seized the branch Lupin had used to freeze the tree, prod\-ded the knot, and vanished from view as he put on the cloak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So that\rquote s it,\rdblquote  said Hermione quietly. \ldblquote We\rquote re all down there \'85 and now we\rquote ve just got to wait until we come back up again. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She took the end of Buckbeak\rquote s rope and tied it securely around the nearest tree, then sat down on the dry ground, arms around her knees.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, there\rquote s something I don\rquote t understand. \'85 Why didn\rquote t the dementors get Sirius? I remember them coming, and then I think I passed out\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 there were so many of them. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sat down too. He explained what he\rquote d seen; how, as the nearest dementor had lowered its mouth to Harry\rquote s, a large silver something had come galloping across the lake and forced the de\-mentors to retreat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione\rquote s mouth was slightly open by the time Harry had fin\-ished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But what was it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There\rquote s only one thing it could have been, to make the demen\-tors go,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote A real Patronus. A powerful one.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But who conjured it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry didn\rquote t say anything. He was thinking back to the person he\rquote d seen on the other bank of the lake. He knew who he thought it had been \'85 but how \i could\i0  it have been?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Didn\rquote t you see what they looked like?\rdblquote  said Hermione eagerly. \ldblquote Was it one of the teachers?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote He wasn\rquote t a teacher.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But it must have been a really powerful wizard, to drive all\lang3081  \lang1033 those dementors away. \'85 If the Patronus was shining so brightly, didn\rquote t it light him up? Couldn\rquote t you see \emdash  ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I saw him,\rdblquote  said Harry slowly. \ldblquote But\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 maybe I imag\-ined it. \'85 I wasn\rquote t thinking straight. \'85 I passed out right after\-ward. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Who did you think it was\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think \emdash\rdblquote  Harry swallowed, knowing how strange this was going to sound. \ldblquote I think it was my dad.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry glanced up at Hermione and saw that her mouth was fully open now. She was gazing at him with a mixture of alarm and pity.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, your dad\rquote s \emdash  well \emdash  \i dead,\i0\rdblquote  she said quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know that,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You think you saw his ghost?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know \'85 no \'85 he looked solid. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But then \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe I was seeing things,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote But\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 from what I could see \'85 it looked like him. \'85 I\rquote ve got photos of him. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione was still looking at him as though worried about his sanity.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know it sounds crazy,\rdblquote  said Harry flatly. He turned to look at Buckbeak, who was digging his beak into the ground, apparently searching for worms. But he wasn\rquote t really watching Buckbeak.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He was thinking about his father and about his father\rquote s three oldest friends \'85 Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs. \'85 Had all four of them been out on the grounds tonight? Wormtail had reappeared this evening when everyone had thought he was dead. \'85 Was it so impossible his father had done the same? Had he been seeing things across the lake? The figure had been too far\lang3081  \lang1033 away to see distinctly \'85 yet he had felt sure, for a moment, before he\rquote d lost consciousness. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The leaves overhead rustled faintly in the breeze. The moon drifted in and out of sight behind the shifting clouds. Hermione sat with her face turned toward the Willow, waiting.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then, at last, after over an hour \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here we come!\rdblquote  Hermione whispered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She and Harry got to their feet. Buckbeak raised his head. They saw Lupin, Pettigrew, and Ron clambering awkwardly out of the hole in the roots \'85 followed by the unconscious Snape, drifting weirdly upward. Next came Harry, Hermione, and Black. They all began to walk toward the castle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry\rquote s heart was starting to beat very fast. He glanced up at the sky. Any moment now, that cloud was going to move aside and show the moon. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  Hermione muttered as though she knew exactly what he was thinking, \ldblquote we\rquote ve got to stay put. We mustn\rquote t be seen. There\rquote s nothing we can do. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote So we\rquote re just going to let Pettigrew escape all over again. \'85\rdblquote  said Harry quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How do you expect to find a rat in the dark?\rdblquote  snapped Hermione. \ldblquote There\rquote s nothing we can do! We came back to help Sirius; we\rquote re not supposed to be doing anything else!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i All right\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The moon slid out from behind its cloud. They saw the tiny fig\-ures across the grounds stop. Then they saw movement \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote There goes Lupin,\rdblquote  Hermione whispered. \ldblquote He\rquote s transforming \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione!\rdblquote  said Harry suddenly. \ldblquote We\rquote ve got to move!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We mustn\rquote t, I keep telling you \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Not to interfere! Lupin\rquote s going to run into the forest, right at us!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione gasped.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Quick!\rdblquote  she moaned, dashing to untie Buckbeak. \ldblquote Quick! Where are we going to go? Where are we going to hide? The de\-mentors will be coming any moment \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Back to Hagrid\rquote s!\rdblquote  Harry said. \ldblquote It\rquote s empty now \emdash  come on!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They ran as fast as they could, Buckbeak cantering along behind them. They could hear the werewolf howling behind them. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The cabin was in sight; Harry skidded to the door, wrenched it open, and Hermione and Buckbeak flashed past him; Harry threw himself in after them and bolted the door. Fang the boarhound barked loudly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Shh, Fang, it\rquote s us!\rdblquote  said Hermione, hurrying over and scratch\-ing his ears to quieten him. \ldblquote That was really close!\rdblquote  she said to Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was looking out of the window. It was much harder to see what was going on from here. Buckbeak seemed very happy to find himself back inside Hagrid\rquote s house. He lay down in front of the fire, folded his wings contentedly, and seemed ready for a good nap.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I think I\rquote d better go outside again, you know,\rdblquote  said Harry slowly. \ldblquote I can\rquote t see what\rquote s going on \emdash  we won\rquote t know when it\rquote s time \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione looked up. Her expression was suspicious.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m not going to try and interfere,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly. \ldblquote But if we don\rquote t see what\rquote s going on, how\rquote re we going to know when it\rquote s time to rescue Sirius?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well \'85 okay, then \'85 I\rquote ll wait here with Buckbeak \'85 but Harry, be careful \emdash  there\rquote s a werewolf out there \emdash  and the de\-mentors \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stepped outside again and edged around the cabin. He could hear yelping in the distance. That meant the dementors were closing in on Sirius. \'85 He and Hermione would be running to him any moment. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared out toward the lake, his heart doing a kind of drumroll in his chest. \'85 Whoever had sent that Patronus would be appearing at any moment. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 For a fraction of a second he stood, irresolute, in front of Ha\-grid\rquote s door. \i You must not be seen.\i0  But he didn\rquote t want to be seen. He wanted to do the seeing. \'85 He had to know. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And there were the dementors. They were emerging out of the darkness from every direction, gliding around the edges of the lake. \'85 They were moving away from where Harry stood, to the opposite bank. \'85 He wouldn\rquote t have to get near them. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry began to run. He had no thought in his head except his father. \'85 If it was him \'85 if it really was him \'85 he had to know, had to find out. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The lake was coming nearer and nearer, but there was no sign of anybody. On the opposite bank, he could see tiny glimmers of sil\-ver \emdash  his own attempts at a Patronus \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a bush at the very edge of the water. Harry threw himself behind it, peering desperately through the leaves. On the\lang3081  \lang1033 opposite bank, the glimmers of silver were suddenly extinguished. A terrified excitement shot through him \emdash  any moment now \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Come on!\rdblquote  he muttered, staring about. \ldblquote Where are you? Dad, come on \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But no one came. Harry raised his head to look at the circle of dementors across the lake. One of them was lowering its hood. It was time for the rescuer to appear \emdash  but no one was coming to help this time \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And then it hit him \emdash  he understood. He hadn\rquote t seen his fa\-ther \emdash  he had seen \i himself\lang3081\i0  \lang1033\emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry flung himself out from behind the bush and pulled out his wand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i EXPECTO PATRONUM\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 he yelled.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And out of the end of his wand burst, not a shapeless cloud of mist, but a blinding, dazzling, silver animal. He screwed up his eyes, trying to see what it was. It looked like a horse. It was gallop\-ing silently away from him, across the black surface of the lake. He saw it lower its head and charge at the swarming dementors. \'85 Now it was galloping around and around the black shapes on the ground, and the dementors were falling back, scattering, retreating into the darkness. \'85 They were gone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The Patronus turned. It was cantering back toward Harry across the still surface of the water. It wasn\rquote t a horse. It wasn\rquote t a unicorn, either. It was a stag. It was shining brightly as the moon above \'85 it was coming back to him. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It stopped on the bank. Its hooves made no mark on the soft ground as it stared at Harry with its large, silver eyes. Slowly, it bowed its antlered head. And Harry realized \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Prongs\i0 ,\rdblquote  he whispered.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But as his trembling fingertips stretched toward the creature, it vanished.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stood there, hand still outstretched. Then, with a great leap of his heart, he heard hooves behind him \emdash  he whirled around and saw Hermione dashing toward him, dragging Buck\-beak behind her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i What did you do\i0 ?\rdblquote\lang3081  \lang1033 she said fiercely. \ldblquote You said you were only go\-ing to keep a lookout!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I just saved all our lives \'85 ,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Get behind here \emdash  behind this bush \emdash  I\rquote ll explain.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione listened to what had just happened with her mouth open yet again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did anyone see you?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, haven\rquote t you been listening? \i I\i0  saw me but I thought I was my dad! It\rquote s okay!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry, I can\rquote t believe it. \'85 You conjured up a Patronus that drove away all those dementors! That\rquote s very, \i very\i0  advanced magic. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I knew I could do it this time,\rdblquote  said Harry, \ldblquote because I\rquote d already done it. \'85 Does that make sense?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t know \emdash  Harry, look at Snape!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Together they peered around the bush at the other bank. Snape had regained consciousness. He was conjuring stretchers and lift\-ing the limp forms of Harry, Hermione, and Black onto them. A fourth stretcher, no doubt bearing Ron, was already floating at his side. Then, wand held out in front of him, he moved them away toward the castle.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Right, it\rquote s nearly time,\rdblquote  said Hermione tensely, looking at her watch. \ldblquote We\rquote ve got about forty-five minutes until Dumbledore locks the door to the hospital wing. We\rquote ve got to rescue Sirius and get back into the ward before anybody realizes we\rquote re missing. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They waited, watching the moving clouds reflected in the lake, while the bush next to them whispered in the breeze. Buckbeak, bored, was ferreting for worms again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote D\rquote  you reckon he\rquote s up there yet?\rdblquote  said Harry, checking his watch. He looked up at the castle and began counting the windows to the right of the West Tower.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Look!\rdblquote  Hermione whispered. \ldblquote Who\rquote s that? Someone\rquote s coming back out of the castle!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry stared through the darkness. The man was hurrying across the grounds, toward one of the entrances. Something shiny glinted in his belt.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Macnair!\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote The executioner! He\rquote s gone to get the dementors! This is it, Hermione \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Hermione put her hands on Buckbeak\rquote s back and Harry gave her a leg up. Then he placed his foot on one of the lower branches of the bush and climbed up in front of her. He pulled Buckbeak\rquote s rope back over his neck and tied it to the other side of his collar like reins.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Ready?\rdblquote  he whispered to Hermione. \ldblquote You\rquote d better hold on to me \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He nudged Buckbeak\rquote s sides with his heels.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Buckbeak soared straight into the dark air. Harry gripped his flanks with his knees, feeling the great wings rising powerfully be\-neath them. Hermione was holding Harry very tight around the\lang3081  \lang1033 waist; he could hear her muttering, \ldblquote Oh, no \emdash  I don\rquote t like this \emdash  oh, I \i really\i0  don\rquote t like this \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry urged Buckbeak forward. They were gliding quietly toward the upper floors of the castle. \'85 Harry pulled hard on the left-hand side of the rope, and Buckbeak turned. Harry was trying to count the windows flashing past \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Whoa!\rdblquote  he said, pulling backward as hard as he could.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Buckbeak slowed down and they found themselves at a stop, un\-less you counted the fact that they kept rising up and down several feet as the hippogriff beat his wings to remain airborne.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s there!\rdblquote  Harry said, spotting Sirius as they rose up beside the window. He reached out, and as Buckbeak\rquote s wings fell, was able to tap sharply on the glass.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black looked up. Harry saw his jaw drop. He leapt from his chair, hurried to the window and tried to open it, but it was locked.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Stand back!\rdblquote  Hermione called to him, and she took out her wand, still gripping the back of Harry\rquote s robes with her left hand.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Alohomora\i0 !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The window sprang open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How \emdash  how \emdash  ?\rdblquote  said Black weakly, staring at the hippogriff.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Get on \emdash  there\rquote s not much time,\rdblquote  said Harry, gripping Buck\-beak firmly on either side of his sleek neck to hold him steady. \ldblquote You\rquote ve got to get out of here \emdash  the dementors are coming \emdash  Macnair\rquote s gone to get them.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black placed a hand on either side of the window frame and heaved his head and shoulders out of it. It was very lucky he was so thin. In seconds, he had managed to fling one leg over Buckbeak\rquote s back and pull himself onto the hippogriff behind Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay, Buckbeak, up!\rdblquote  said Harry, shaking the rope. \ldblquote Up to the tower \emdash  come on!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The hippogriff gave one sweep of its mighty wings and they were soaring upward again, high as the top of the West Tower. Buckbeak landed with a clatter on the battlements, and Harry and Hermione slid off him at once.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Sirius, you\rquote d better go, quick,\rdblquote  Harry panted. \ldblquote They\rquote ll reach Flitwick\rquote s office any moment, they\rquote ll find out you\rquote re gone.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Buckbeak pawed the ground, tossing his sharp head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What happened to the other boy? Ron?\rdblquote  croaked Sirius.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s going to be okay. He\rquote s still out of it, but Madam Pomfrey says she\rquote ll be able to make him better. Quick \emdash  go \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But Black was still staring down at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How can I ever thank \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote GO!\rdblquote  Harry and Hermione shouted together.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Black wheeled Buckbeak around, facing the open sky.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We\rquote ll see each other again,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote You are \emdash  truly your fa\-ther\rquote s son, Harry. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He squeezed Buckbeak\rquote s sides with his heels. Harry and Hermione jumped back as the enormous wings rose once more. \'85 The hip\-pogriff took off into the air. \'85 He and his rider became smaller and smaller as Harry gazed after them \'85 then a cloud drifted across the moon. \'85 They were gone.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\qc\fs36\page Chapter 22\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\qc Owl Post Again\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi284\qj\fs24\par
\ldblquote Harry!\rdblquote\par
Hermione was tugging at his sleeve, staring at her watch. \ldblquote We\rquote ve got exactly ten minutes to get back down to the hos\-pital wing without anybody seeing us \emdash  before Dumbledore locks the door \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Okay,\rdblquote  said Harry, wrenching his gaze from the sky, \ldblquote let\rquote s go. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They slipped through the doorway behind them and down a tightly spiraling stone staircase. As they reached the bottom of it, they heard voices. They flattened themselves against the wall and listened. It sounded like Fudge and Snape. They were walking quickly along the corridor at the foot of the staircase.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\'85 only hope Dumbledore\rquote s not going to make difficulties,\rdblquote  Snape was saying. \ldblquote The Kiss will be performed immediately?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote As soon as Macnair returns with the dementors. This whole Black affair has been highly embarrassing. I can\rquote t tell you how\lang3081  \lang1033 much I\rquote m looking forward to informing the \i Daily Prophet\i0  that we\rquote ve got him at last. \'85 I daresay they\rquote ll want to interview you, Snape \'85 and once young Harry\rquote s back in his right mind, I expect he\rquote ll want to tell the \i Prophet\i0  exactly how you saved him. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry clenched his teeth. He caught a glimpse of Snape\rquote s smirk as he and Fudge passed Harry and Hermione\rquote s hiding place. Their footsteps died away. Harry and Hermione waited a few moments to make sure they\rquote d really gone, then started to run in the opposite direction. Down one staircase, then another, along a new corridor \emdash  then they heard a cackling ahead.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Peeves\i0 !\rdblquote  Harry muttered, grabbing Hermione\rquote s wrist. \ldblquote In here!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They tore into a deserted classroom to their left just in time. Peeves seemed to be bouncing along the corridor in boisterous good spirits, laughing his head off.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, he\rquote s horrible,\rdblquote  whispered Hermione, her ear to the door. \ldblquote I bet he\rquote s all excited because the dementors are going to finish off Sirius. \'85\rdblquote  She checked her watch. \ldblquote Three minutes, Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They waited until Peeves\rquote s gloating voice had faded into the dis\-tance, then slid back out of the room and broke into a run again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hermione \emdash  what\rquote ll happen \emdash  if we don\rquote t get back inside \emdash  before Dumbledore locks the door?\rdblquote  Harry panted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t want to think about it!\rdblquote  Hermione moaned, checking her watch again. \ldblquote One minute!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They had reached the end of the corridor with the hospital wing entrance. \ldblquote Okay \emdash  I can hear Dumbledore,\rdblquote  said Hermione tensely. \ldblquote Come on, Harry!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 They crept along the corridor. The door opened. Dumbledore\rquote s back appeared.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I am going to lock you in,\rdblquote  they heard him saying. \ldblquote It is five minutes to midnight. Miss Granger, three turns should do it. Good luck.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore backed out of the room, closed the door, and took out his wand to magically lock it. Panicking, Harry and Hermione ran forward. Dumbledore looked up, and a wide smile appeared under the long silver mustache. \ldblquote Well?\rdblquote  he said quietly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote We did it!\rdblquote  said Harry breathlessly. \ldblquote Sirius has gone, on Buck\-beak. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore beamed at them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well done. I think\lang3081  \lang1033\emdash\rdblquote  He listened intently for any sound within the hospital wing. \ldblquote Yes, I think you\rquote ve gone too \emdash  get in\-side \emdash  I\rquote ll lock you in \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Hermione slipped back inside the dormitory. It was empty except for Ron, who was still lying motionless in the end bed. As the lock clicked behind them, Harry and Hermione crept back to their own beds, Hermione tucking the Time-Turner back under her robes. A moment later, Madam Pomfrey came striding back out of her office.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Did I hear the headmaster leaving? Am I allowed to look after my patients now?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 She was in a very bad mood. Harry and Hermione thought it best to accept their chocolate quietly. Madam Pomfrey stood over them, making sure they ate it. But Harry could hardly swallow. He and Hermione were waiting, listening, their nerves jangling. \'85 And then, as they both took a fourth piece of chocolate from Madam Pomfrey, they heard a distant roar of fury echoing from somewhere above them. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What was that?\rdblquote  said Madam Pomfrey in alarm.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Now they could hear angry voices, growing louder and louder. Madam Pomfrey was staring at the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Really \emdash  they\rquote ll wake everybody up! What do they think they\rquote re doing?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry was trying to hear what the voices were saying. They were drawing nearer \emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He must have Disapparated, Severus. We should have left somebody in the room with him. When this gets out \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote HE DIDN\rquote T DISAPPARATE!\rdblquote  Snape roared, now very close at hand. \ldblquote YOU CAN\rquote T APPARATE \i OR\i0  DISAPPARATE IN\-SIDE THIS CASTLE!\lang3081  \lang1033 THIS \emdash  HAS \emdash  SOMETHING \emdash  TO \emdash  DO \emdash  WITH \emdash  POTTER!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Severus \emdash  be reasonable \emdash  Harry has been locked up \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 BAM.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The door of the hospital wing burst open.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Fudge, Snape, and Dumbledore came striding into the ward. Dumbledore alone looked calm. Indeed, he looked as though he was quite enjoying himself. Fudge appeared angry. But Snape was beside himself.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote OUT WITH IT, POTTER!\rdblquote  he bellowed. \ldblquote WHAT DID YOU DO?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Snape!\rdblquote  shrieked Madam Pomfrey. \ldblquote Control your\-self!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote See here, Snape, be reasonable,\rdblquote  said Fudge. \ldblquote This door\rquote s been locked, we just saw \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote THEY HELPED HIM ESCAPE, I KNOW IT!\rdblquote  Snape howled, pointing at Harry and Hermione. His face was twisted; spit was flying from his mouth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Calm down, man!\rdblquote  Fudge barked. \ldblquote You\rquote re talking nonsense!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote YOU DON\rquote T KNOW POTTER!\rdblquote  shrieked Snape. \ldblquote HE DID IT, I KNOW HE DID IT \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That will do, Severus,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly. \ldblquote Think about what you are saying. This door has been locked since I left the ward ten minutes ago. Madam Pomfrey, have these students left their beds?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Of course not!\rdblquote  said Madam Pomfrey, bristling. \ldblquote I would have heard them!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well, there you have it, Severus,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore calmly. \ldblquote Unless you are suggesting that Harry and Hermione are able to be in two places at once, I\rquote m afraid I don\rquote t see any point in troubling them further.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Snape stood there, seething, staring from Fudge, who looked thoroughly shocked at his behavior, to Dumbledore, whose eyes were twinkling behind his glasses. Snape whirled about, robes swishing behind him, and stormed out of the ward.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Fellow seems quite unbalanced,\rdblquote  said Fudge, staring after him. \ldblquote I\rquote d watch out for him if I were you, Dumbledore.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, he\rquote s not unbalanced,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly. \ldblquote He\rquote s just suffered a severe disappointment.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s not the only one!\rdblquote  puffed Fudge. \ldblquote The \i Daily Prophet\rquote s\i0  go\-ing to have a field day! We had Black cornered and he slipped through our fingers yet again! All it needs now is for the story of that hippogriff\rquote s escape to get out, and I\rquote ll be a laughingstock! Well\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 I\rquote d better go and notify the Ministry. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And the dementors?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote They\rquote ll be removed from the school, I trust?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh yes, they\rquote ll have to go,\rdblquote  said Fudge, running his fingers\lang3081  \lang1033 distractedly through his hair. \ldblquote Never dreamed they\rquote d attempt to ad\-minister the Kiss on an innocent boy. \'85 Completely out of con\-trol \'85 no, I\rquote ll have them packed off back to Azkaban tonight. \'85 Perhaps we should think about dragons at the school entrance. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hagrid would like that,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, smiling at Harry and Hermione. As he and Fudge left the dormitory, Madam Pom\-frey hurried to the door and locked it again. Muttering angrily to herself, she headed back to her office.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a low moan from the other end of the ward. Ron had woken up. They could see him sitting up, rubbing his head, look\-ing around.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What \emdash  what happened?\rdblquote  he groaned. \ldblquote Harry? Why are we in here? Where\rquote s Sirius? Where\rquote s Lupin? What\rquote s going on?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry and Hermione looked at each other.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You explain,\rdblquote  said Harry, helping himself to some more choco\-late.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 When Harry, Ron, and Hermione left the hospital wing at noon the next day, it was to find an almost deserted castle. The swelter\-ing heat and the end of the exams meant that everyone was taking full advantage of another Hogsmeade visit. Neither Ron nor Hermione felt like going, however, so they and Harry wandered onto the grounds, still talking about the extraordinary events of the previous night and wondering where Sirius and Buckbeak were now. Sitting near the lake, watching the giant squid waving its ten\-tacles lazily above the water, Harry lost the thread of the conversa\-tion as he looked across to the opposite bank. The stag had galloped toward him from there just last night. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033 A shadow fell across them and they looked up to see a very bleary-eyed Hagrid, mopping his sweaty face with one of his table\-cloth-sized handkerchiefs and beaming down at them.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Know I shouldn\rquote  feel happy, after wha\rquote  happened las\rquote  night,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote I mean, Black escapin\rquote  again, an\rquote  everythin\rquote  \emdash  but guess what?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  they said, pretending to look curious.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Beaky! He escaped! He\rquote s free! Bin celebratin\rquote  all night!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s wonderful!\rdblquote  said Hermione, giving Ron a reproving look because he looked as though he was close to laughing.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 can\rquote t\rquote ve tied him up properly,\rdblquote  said Hagrid, gazing happily out over the grounds. \ldblquote I was worried this mornin\rquote , mind \'85 thought he mighta met Professor Lupin on the grounds, but Lupin says he never ate anythin\rquote  las\rquote  night. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Harry quickly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Blimey, haven\rquote  yeh heard?\rdblquote  said Hagrid, his smile fading a little. He lowered his voice, even though there was nobody in sight. \ldblquote Er \emdash  Snape told all the Slytherins this mornin\rquote . \'85\lang3081  \lang1033 Thought everyone\rquote d know by now \'85 Professor Lupin\rquote s a werewolf, see. An\rquote  he was loose on the grounds las\rquote  night. \'85 He\rquote s packin\rquote  now, o\rquote  course.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote He\rquote s\lang3081  \lang1033\i packing\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Harry, alarmed. \ldblquote Why?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Leavin\rquote , isn\rquote  he?\rdblquote  said Hagrid, looking surprised that Harry had to ask. \ldblquote Resigned firs\rquote  thing this mornin\rquote . Says he can\rquote t risk it hap\-penin\rquote  again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry scrambled to his feet.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m going to see him,\rdblquote  he said to Ron and Hermione.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But if he\rquote s resigned \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\emdash  doesn\rquote t sound like there\rquote s anything we can do \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t care. I still want to see him. I\rquote ll meet you back here.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Lupin\rquote s office door was open. He had already packed most of his things. The grindylow\rquote s empty tank stood next to his battered old suitcase, which was open and nearly full. Lupin was bending over something on his desk and looked up only when Harry knocked on the door.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I saw you coming,\rdblquote  said Lupin, smiling. He pointed to the parchment he had been poring over. It was the Marauder\rquote s Map.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I just saw Hagrid,\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote And he said you\rquote d resigned. It\rquote s not true, is it?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m afraid it is,\rdblquote  said Lupin. He started opening his desk draw\-ers and taking out the contents.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote\i Why\i0 ?\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote The Ministry of Magic don\rquote t think you were helping Sirius, do they?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin crossed to the door and closed it behind Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote No. Professor Dumbledore managed to convince Fudge that I was trying to save your lives.\rdblquote  He sighed. \ldblquote That was the final straw for Severus. I think the loss of the Order of Merlin hit him hard. So he \emdash  er \emdash  \i accidentally\i0  let slip that I am a werewolf this morning at breakfast.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re not leaving just because of that!\rdblquote  said Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin smiled wryly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This time tomorrow, the owls will start arriving from par\-ents. \'85 They will not want a werewolf teaching their children, Harry. And after last night, I see their point. I could have bitten any of you. \'85 That must never happen again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You\rquote re the best Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher we\rquote ve ever had!\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote Don\rquote t go!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin shook his head and didn\rquote t speak. He carried on emptying his drawers. Then, while Harry was trying to think of a good argu\-ment to make him stay, Lupin said, \ldblquote From what the headmaster told me this morning, you saved a lot of lives last night, Harry. If I\rquote m proud of anything I\rquote ve done this year, it\rquote s how much you\rquote ve learned. \'85 Tell me about your Patronus.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote How d\rquote you know about that?\rdblquote  said Harry, distracted.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What else could have driven the dementors back?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry told Lupin what had happened. When he\rquote d finished, Lupin was smiling again.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, your father was always a stag when he transformed,\rdblquote  he said. \ldblquote You guessed right \'85 that\rquote s why we called him Prongs.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin threw his last few books into his case, closed the desk drawers, and turned to look at Harry.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Here \emdash  I brought this from the Shrieking Shack last night,\rdblquote  he said, handing Harry back the Invisibility Cloak. \ldblquote And \'85\rdblquote  He hes\-itated, then held out the Marauder\rquote s Map too. \ldblquote I am no longer your teacher, so I don\rquote t feel guilty about giving you back this as well. It\rquote s no use to me, and I daresay you, Ron, and Hermione will find uses for it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry took the map and grinned.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You told me Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs would\rquote ve wanted to lure me out of school\lang3081  \lang1033\'85 you said they\rquote d have thought it was funny.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote And so we would have,\rdblquote  said Lupin, now reaching down to close his case. \ldblquote I have no hesitation in saying that James would have\lang3081  \lang1033 been highly disappointed if his son had never found any of the se\-cret passages out of the castle.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 There was a knock on the door. Harry hastily stuffed the Ma\-rauder\rquote s Map and the Invisibility Cloak into his pocket.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It was Professor Dumbledore. He didn\rquote t look surprised to see Harry there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Your carriage is at the gates, Remus,\rdblquote  he said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Thank you, Headmaster.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Lupin picked up his old suitcase and the empty grindylow tank.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Well \emdash  good-bye, Harry,\rdblquote  he said, smiling. \ldblquote It has been a real pleasure teaching you. I feel sure we\rquote ll meet again some\-time. Headmaster, there is no need to see me to the gates, I can manage. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry had the impression that Lupin wanted to leave as quickly as possible.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Good-bye, then, Remus,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore soberly. Lupin shifted the grindylow tank slightly so that he and Dumbledore could shake hands. Then, with a final nod to Harry and a swift smile, Lupin left the office.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry sat down in his vacated chair, staring glumly at the floor. He heard the door close and looked up. Dumbledore was still there.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Why so miserable, Harry?\rdblquote  he said quietly. \ldblquote You should be very proud of yourself after last night.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It didn\rquote t make any difference,\rdblquote  said Harry bitterly. \ldblquote Pettigrew got away.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Didn\rquote t make any difference?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly. \ldblquote It made all the difference in the world, Harry. You helped uncover the truth. You saved an innocent man from a terrible fate.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Terrible.\i0  Something stirred in Harry\rquote s memory. \i Greater and more terrible than ever before\i0  \i\'85 \i0 Professor Trelawney\rquote s prediction!\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Professor Dumbledore \emdash  yesterday, when I was having my Divination exam, Professor Trelawney went very \emdash  very strange.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Indeed?\rdblquote  said Dumbledore. \ldblquote Er \emdash  stranger than usual, you mean?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes \'85 her voice went all deep and her eyes rolled and she said \'85 she said Voldemort\rquote s servant was going to set out to return to him before midnight. \'85 She said the servant would help him come back to power.\rdblquote  Harry stared up at Dumbledore. \ldblquote And then she sort of became normal again, and she couldn\rquote t remem\-ber anything she\rquote d said. Was it \emdash  was she making a real predic\-tion?\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Dumbledore looked mildly impressed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Do you know, Harry, I think she might have been,\rdblquote  he said thoughtfully. \ldblquote Who\rquote d have thought it? That brings her total of real predictions up to two. I should offer her a pay raise. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash\rdblquote  Harry looked at him, aghast. How could Dumbledore take this so calmly?\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But \emdash  I stopped Sirius and Professor Lupin from killing Petti\-grew! That makes it my fault if Voldemort comes back!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It does not,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore quietly. \ldblquote Hasn\rquote t your experience with the Time-Turner taught you anything, Harry? The conse\-quences of our actions are always so complicated, so diverse, that predicting the future is a very difficult business indeed. \'85 Profes\-sor Trelawney, bless her, is living proof of that. \'85 You did a very noble thing, in saving Pettigrew\rquote s life.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But if he helps Voldemort back to power \emdash  !\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Pettigrew owes his life to you. You have sent Voldemort a deputy who is in your debt. \'85 When one wizard saves another wizard\rquote s life, it creates a certain bond between them \'85 and I\rquote m much mistaken if Voldemort wants his servant in the debt of Harry Potter.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I don\rquote t want a connection with Pettigrew!\rdblquote  said Harry. \ldblquote He be\-trayed my parents!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote This is magic at its deepest, its most impenetrable, Harry. But trust me \'85 the time may come when you will be very glad you saved Pettigrew\rquote s life.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry couldn\rquote t imagine when that would be. Dumbledore looked as though he knew what Harry was thinking.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I knew your father very well, both at Hogwarts and later, Harry,\rdblquote  he said gently. \ldblquote He would have saved Pettigrew too, I am sure of it.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry looked up at him. Dumbledore wouldn\rquote t laugh \emdash  he could tell Dumbledore \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I thought it was my dad who\rquote d conjured my Patronus. I mean, when I saw myself across the lake \'85 I thought I was seeing him.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote An easy mistake to make,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore softly. \ldblquote I expect you\rquote ll tire of hearing it, but you do look \i extraordinarily\i0  like James. Except for the eyes \'85 you have your mother\rquote s eyes.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry shook his head.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It was stupid, thinking it was him,\rdblquote  he muttered. \ldblquote I mean, I knew he was dead.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote You think the dead we loved ever truly leave us? You think that we don\rquote t recall them more clearly than ever in times of great trou\-ble? Your father is alive in you, Harry, and shows himself most\lang3081  \lang1033 plainly when you have need of him. How else could you produce that \i particular\i0  Patronus? Prongs rode again last night.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It took a moment for Harry to realize what Dumbledore had said.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Last night Sirius told me all about how they became Animagi,\rdblquote  said Dumbledore, smiling. \ldblquote An extraordinary achievement \emdash  not least, keeping it quiet from me. And then I remembered the most unusual form your Patronus took, when it charged Mr. Malfoy down at your Quidditch match against Ravenclaw. You know, Harry, in a way, you did see your father last night. \'85 You found him inside yourself.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And Dumbledore left the office, leaving Harry to his very con\-fused thoughts.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 Nobody at Hogwarts now knew the truth of what had happened the night that Sirius, Buckbeak, and Pettigrew had vanished except Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Professor Dumbledore. As the end of term approached, Harry heard many different theories about what had really happened, but none of them came close to the truth.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Malfoy was furious about Buckbeak. He was convinced that Hagrid had found a way of smuggling the hippogriff to safety, and seemed outraged that he and his father had been outwitted by a gamekeeper. Percy Weasley, meanwhile, had much to say on the subject of Sirius\rquote s escape.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote If I manage to get into the Ministry, I\rquote ll have a lot of proposals to make about Magical Law Enforcement!\rdblquote  he told the only person who would listen \emdash  his girlfriend, Penelope.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Though the weather was perfect, though the atmosphere was so\lang3081  \lang1033 cheerful, though he knew they had achieved the near impossible in helping Sirius to freedom, Harry had never approached the end of a school year in worse spirits.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 He certainly wasn\rquote t the only one who was sorry to see Professor Lupin go. The whole of Harry\rquote s Defense Against the Dark Arts class was miserable about his resignation.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Wonder what they\rquote ll give us next year?\rdblquote  said Seamus Finnigan gloomily.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Maybe a vampire,\rdblquote  suggested Dean Thomas hopefully.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 It wasn\rquote t only Professor Lupin\rquote s departure that was weighing on Harry\rquote s mind. He couldn\rquote t help thinking a lot about Professor Trelawney\rquote s prediction. He kept wondering where Pettigrew was now, whether he had sought sanctuary with Voldemort yet. But the thing that was lowering Harry\rquote s spirits most of all was the prospect of re\-turning to the Dursleys. For maybe half an hour, a glorious half hour, he had believed he would be living with Sirius from now on \'85 his parents\rquote  best friend. \'85 It would have been the next best thing to hav\-ing his own father back. And while no news of Sirius was definitely good news, because it meant he had successfully gone into hiding, Harry couldn\rquote t help feeling miserable when he thought of the home he might have had, and the fact that it was now impossible.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 The exam results came out on the last day of term. Harry, Ron, and Hermione had passed every subject. Harry was amazed that he had got through Potions. He had a shrewd suspicion that Dumble\-dore might have stepped in to stop Snape failing him on purpose. Snape\rquote s behavior toward Harry over the past week had been quite alarming. Harry wouldn\rquote t have thought it possible that Snape\rquote s dislike for him could increase, but it certainly had. A muscle\lang3081  \lang1033 twitched unpleasantly at the corner of Snape\rquote s thin mouth every time he looked at Harry, and he was constantly flexing his fingers, as though itching to place them around Harry\rquote s throat.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Percy had got his top-grade N.E.W.T.s; Fred and George had scraped a handful of O.W.L.s each. Gryffindor House, meanwhile, largely thanks to their spectacular performance in the Quidditch Cup, had won the House championship for the third year running. This meant that the end of term feast took place amid decorations of scarlet and gold, and that the Gryffindor table was the noisiest of the lot, as everybody celebrated. Even Harry managed to forget about the journey back to the Dursleys the next day as he ate, drank, talked, and laughed with the rest.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033 As the Hogwarts Express pulled out of the station the next morn\-ing, Hermione gave Harry and Ron some surprising news.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I went to see Professor McGonagall this morning, just before breakfast. I\rquote ve decided to drop Muggle Studies.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote But you passed your exam with three hundred and twenty per\-cent!\rdblquote  said Ron.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I know,\rdblquote  sighed Hermione, \ldblquote but I can\rquote t stand another year like this one. That Time-Turner, it was driving me mad. I\rquote ve handed it in. Without Muggle Studies and Divination, I\rquote ll be able to have a normal schedule again.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I still can\rquote t \i believe\i0  you didn\rquote t tell us about it,\rdblquote  said Ron grumpily. \ldblquote We\rquote re supposed to be your \i friends.\i0\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I promised I wouldn\rquote t tell \i anyone,\i0\rdblquote  said Hermione severely. She looked around at Harry, who was watching Hogwarts disappear from view behind a mountain. Two whole months before he\rquote d see it again. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Oh, cheer up, Harry!\rdblquote  said Hermione sadly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote m okay,\rdblquote  said Harry quickly. \ldblquote Just thinking about the holi\-days.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah, I\rquote ve been thinking about them too,\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Harry, you\rquote ve got to come and stay with us. I\rquote ll fix it up with Mum and Dad, then I\rquote ll call you. I know how to use a fellytone now \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote A \i telephone,\i0  Ron,\rdblquote  said Hermione. \ldblquote Honestly, \i you\i0  should take Muggle Studies next year. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Ron ignored her.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s the Quidditch World Cup this summer! How about it, Harry? Come and stay, and we\rquote ll go and see it! Dad can usually get tickets from work.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 This proposal had the effect of cheering Harry up a great deal.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yeah \'85 I bet the Dursleys\rquote d be pleased to let me come \'85 especially after what I did to Aunt Marge. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Feeling considerably more cheerful, Harry joined Ron and Hermione in several games of Exploding Snap, and when the witch with the tea cart arrived, he bought himself a very large lunch, though nothing with chocolate in it.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 But it was late in the afternoon before the thing that made him truly happy turned up. \'85\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Harry,\rdblquote  said Hermione suddenly, peering over his shoulder. \ldblquote What\rquote s that thing outside your window?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry turned to look outside. Something very small and gray was bobbing in and out of sight beyond the glass. He stood up for a better look and saw that it was a tiny owl, carrying a letter that was much too big for it. The owl was so small, in fact, that it kept tumbling over in the air, buffeted this way and that in the train\rquote s slipstream. Harry quickly pulled down the window, stretched out\lang3081  \lang1033 his arm, and caught it. It felt like a very fluffy Snitch. He brought it carefully inside. The owl dropped its letter onto Harry\rquote s seat and began zooming around their compartment, apparently very pleased with itself for accomplishing its task. Hedwig clicked her beak with a sort of dignified disapproval. Crookshanks sat up in his seat, following the owl with his great yellow eyes. Ron, noticing this, snatched the owl safely out of harm\rquote s way.\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry picked up the letter. It was addressed to him. He ripped open the letter, and shouted, \ldblquote It\rquote s from Sirius!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What?\rdblquote  said Ron and Hermione excitedly. \ldblquote Read it aloud!\rdblquote\par
\lang3081\par
\lang1033\i Dear Harry,\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i I hope this finds you before you reach your aunt and uncle. I don\rquote t know whether they\rquote re used to owl post.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i Buckbeak and I are in hiding. I won\rquote t tell you where, in case this owl falls into the wrong hands. I have some doubt about his reliability, but he is the best I could find, and he did seem eager for the job.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i I believe the dementors are still searching for me, but they haven\rquote t a hope of finding me here. I am planning to allow some Muggles to glimpse me soon, a long way from Hogwarts, so that the security on the castle will be lifted.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i There is something I never got around to telling you during our brief meeting. It was I who sent you the Fire\-bolt\lang3081  \lang1033\i0\emdash\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
\ldblquote Ha!\rdblquote  said Hermione triumphantly. \ldblquote See! I \i told\i0  you it was from him!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, but he hadn\rquote t jinxed it, had he?\rdblquote  said Ron. \ldblquote Ouch!\rdblquote  The tiny owl, now hooting happily in his hand, had nibbled one of his fingers in what it seemed to think was an affectionate way.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i Crookshanks took the order to the Owl Office for me. I used your name but told them to take the gold from my own Gringotts vault. Please consider it as thirteen birthdays\rquote  worth of presents from your godfather.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i I would also like to apologize for the fright I think I gave you that night last year when you left your uncle\rquote s house. I had only hoped to get a glimpse of you before starting my journey north, but I think the sight of me alarmed you.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i I am enclosing something else for you, which I think will make your next year at Hogwarts more enjoyable.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i If ever you need me, send word. Your owl will find me.\lang3081\i0\par
\lang1033\i I\rquote ll write again soon.\par
Sirius\lang3081\i0\par
\par
\lang1033 Harry looked eagerly inside the envelope. There was another piece of parchment in there. He read it through quickly and felt suddenly as warm and contented as though he\rquote d swallowed a bottle of hot butterbeer in one gulp.\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i I, Sirius Black, Harry Potter\rquote s godfather, hereby give him permission to visit Hogsmeade on weekends.\lang3081\i0\par
\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote ll be good enough for Dumbledore!\rdblquote  said Harry happily. He looked back at Sirius\rquote s letter.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Hang on, there\rquote s a P.S. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\par
\lang1033\i I thought your friend Ron might like to keep this owl, as it\rquote s my fault he no longer has a rat.\lang3081\i0\par
\par
\lang1033 Ron\rquote s eyes widened. The minute owl was still hooting excitedly.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Keep him?\rdblquote  he said uncertainly. He looked closely at the owl for a moment; then, to Harry\rquote s and Hermione\rquote s great surprise, he held him out for Crookshanks to sniff.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What do\rquote you reckon?\rdblquote  Ron asked the cat. \ldblquote Definitely an owl?\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Crookshanks purred.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote That\rquote s good enough for me,\rdblquote  said Ron happily. \ldblquote He\rquote s mine.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 Harry read and reread the letter from Sirius all the way back into King\rquote s Cross station. It was still clutched tightly in his hand as he, Ron, and Hermione stepped back through the barrier of platform nine and three-quarters. Harry spotted Uncle Vernon at once. He was standing a good distance from Mr. and Mrs. Weasley, eyeing them suspiciously, and when Mrs. Weasley hugged Harry in greet\-ing, his worst suspicions about them seemed confirmed.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote I\rquote ll call about the World Cup!\rdblquote  Ron yelled after Harry as Harry bid him and Hermione good-bye, then wheeled the trolley bearing his trunk and Hedwig\rquote s cage toward Uncle Vernon, who greeted him in his usual fashion.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote What\rquote s that?\rdblquote  he snarled, staring at the envelope Harry was still clutching in his hand. \ldblquote If it\rquote s another form for me to sign, you\rquote ve got another \emdash\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote It\rquote s not,\rdblquote  said Harry cheerfully. \ldblquote It\rquote s a letter from my godfather.\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Godfather?\rdblquote  sputtered Uncle Vernon. \ldblquote You haven\rquote t got a god\-father!\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033\ldblquote Yes, I have,\rdblquote  said Harry brightly. \ldblquote He was my mum and dad\rquote s best friend. He\rquote s a convicted murderer, but he\rquote s broken out of wiz\-ard prison and he\rquote s on the run. He likes to keep in touch with me, though \'85 keep up with my news \'85 check if I\rquote m happy. \'85\rdblquote\lang3081\par
\lang1033 And, grinning broadly at the look of horror on Uncle Vernon\rquote s face, Harry set off toward the station exit, Hedwig rattling along in front of him, for what looked like a much better summer than the last.\lang3081\par
\lang1033\par
}
 